Action English(151） 动感英语（151）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
property??manager??道具管理员
American slang 美国俚语
chasing the skirt??追求女性
例：He never did well at university, because he was always out drinking beer and chasing?the skirt.
　他在大学里总是不好好学习，因为他总出去喝啤酒，还追女孩子。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1） pull sth Off??把什么事做好
例：I didn 't think the dinner would go well ,but we pulled it off beautifully.
?? ? 我原以为这顿饭完蛋了，但是结果我们做的很好。
（2）get away with??逃避，推卸责任
例：Don`t try to get away with cheating.
 ?? ?做人不应该欺骗.
（3）set sb up??介绍...给....（异性）
例： My cousin is always trying to set me up with women from her officer.
 ?? ? 表姐总是尝试着把她的同事介绍给我。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I'm Gonna Sit Right Down and Write Myself A Letter     I'm gonna write words, oh, so sweet
They're gonna knock me off my feet.    A lotta kisses on the bottom,   I'll be glad I've got'em….


Action English(152） 动感英语（152）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
sword fighting 击剑? ?剑的种类不同，所以击剑的方式不同。
American slang 美国俚语
On the blink, I think you like me.（片中）   on the blink??坏了，恐怕有问题? ? blink??眨眼
例：I could not text message you because my mobile phone has been on the blink ever since I dropped it in the lake.?? ?自从我的手机掉到湖里以后，我就不能发短信息了。
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1）oh , right, oh God like , we go way back.（片中） go way back 有交情，两个人在一起很长时间
                                               = two or more people have know lang time
例：Angela and I go way back, we've known each other since elementary school.
?? ? 我和Angela很有交情，我们高中的时候就认识了。
?? ? My boss and I go way back , she was my boss at my first job.
 ?? ?我和老板关系很好，因为她是我第一个工作的老板。
（2） we just clicked.（片中）    click 一拍即合
例：I met my gf at a party and we clicked right away we ended up talking for five hours
 ?? ?我在晚会上认识我的女友，我们一拍即合，聊了五个小时。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I Dare You to Move     welcome to the planet     welcome to existence    everyone's here , everybody's    watching you now everybody's    wants for you now what     happens next?


Action English（153） 动感英语（153）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
scene painter??布景画师??绘制所需的布景，可以介绍大量的资金。
American slang 美国俚语
God , talk about a bad case of the third wheel.（片中）    the third wheel??电灯泡
例：It wasn't until I arrived at the party and met Suzie that I realized that I was the third wheel on my friend's date.? ?直到我到了晚会看见了Suzie我才发现自己在朋友的约会中是个电灯泡。
? ???He felt like a third wheel because he doesn't know how to cook.
? ???他感觉自己是个多余的人，因为他根本不会做饭。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1） I'm on to you.（片中）    on to 识破意图??= to know what someone doing 
例：After months of detective work, the police were finally on to the plans of the criminals. 
 ?? ?在几个月的侦查工作以后，警察最终识破了罪犯的意图。
? ???I want to keep the birthday present a secret but I think she is on to me.
? ???我本来打算对生日礼物保密的，但是还是被她识破了。
（2） Take it on the chin 忍气吞声
例：When I found out that you were lying to me , did you expect me just to take it on the chin and move on? 
?   当我发现你欺骗我的时候，你还期望我忍气吞声被感动吗？
 ?? ?When he was fired for no reason he took it on the chin and looked for another job.
  ? 没有理由的被开除了，他忍气吞声，找另一份工作。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
You   And I find peace   when I'm confused   I find hope when I'm  let down  not in me, but in you    I hope to lose myself

Action English(154) 动感英语（154）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
supervisor 监制??监督其他人确保剧本上的每个情节顺利拍摄。
American slang??美国俚语
Am I off base here .（片中）    off base??搞错了= wrong about sth 
例：The report was well written , but it was slightly off base .
? ?? ?这篇报告的文笔不错，但是立意错了。
? ?? She was completely off base in thinking that I had lied to her
?? ? 如果她认为我去骗她的话，那她就大错特错了。
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1） survive on 100 grand a year .（片中）    grand 一千元
例：At my first job out of university , I was only * twenty grand a year .
　　我离开学校的第一份工作，一年只有两万元。
   ?If you have a child, it's very difficult to survive on thirty grand a year in New York city.
   如果你有孩子，在纽约一年三万元是很艰难的。
（2） They love me because I bust their balls .（片中） bust one's balls??批评，讥笑（友好的态度）
例：My dad always busted my balls for being a terrible soccer player.
 ?? ?爸爸总是笑我打球不好。
 ?? ?Those guys busted my balls when I told them that I was going to marry the actress.
 ?? ?这些人听说我要与他们认识那个女演员结婚，就讥笑我。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Only Hope    There's a song that's make of my soul    it's the one that I've tried to     write over and over again    I'm awake and in the infinite  but you sing to me    over and over again

Action English(155) 动感英语（155）
Movie dictionary??电影词典
prerecording??先期录音? ?拍摄前先记录一下音乐材料，演员可以对口型，载歌载舞。
American slang??美国俚语
I mean it , or no treat??（片中）  treat 小的奖励 n； 款待，请客 v 
例：Our daughter Suzy was so quiet on the flight that we bought her ice cream as a treat.
?? ? 我们的女儿在飞机上非常安静，所以买了冰激淋作为奖励。
? ???It was Nathan's birthday on Tuesday so we all treated him to dinner.
? ???星期二是Nathan的生日，我们请他吃顿饭。
Classic film clips??经典对白??from “决战星球”
（1） He's off course . （片中）    off course 偏离方向，走错路
例：Because we didn't have an accurate map we went totally off course by mistake and arrived an hour late.    因为我们没有准确的地图，所以我们完全走错了路迟到了一个小时到达。
? ?? ?I went off course during the boat race and got disqualified.
? ?? ?我在赛艇比赛中走错了方向，因此被取消了资格。
（2）Line him up again （片中）    line something up 排队
例：?The teacher lined up the naughty students and punished them.
? ?? ?老师让淘气的学生站成一排，然后一个个的惩罚他们。
? ?? ?We've lined up five tickets for the soccer game tomorrow night.
 ? ???我们很不容易的排着队，为了买到明天的五张球票。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
This is Halloween   Boys and girls at every age, wouldn't you like to see something strange?  This our town of Halloween  This is Halloween, This is Halloween  pumpkins scream in the dead of night  everybody make a scene

Action English(156) 动感英语（156）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
stunt coordinator??武术指导? 
American slang 美国俚语
I've lost my appetite （片中）    lose one's appetite??失去胃口，没有了食欲
例：I think drinking too much beer this eventing has made me lose my appetite.
 ?? ?我想今晚喝了太多的啤酒，弄得我一点胃口也没有了。
  ???Watching this horror movie on TV has made me lose my appetite.
  ???我刚才看了一部恐怖片， 让我完全没有了胃口。
 Classic film clips??经典对白
 （1）I have contact （片中）   have contact 有联系= to be working communication with sb or sth
 例：I haven't had any contact with the boss recently so I'm not sure what the company's plans are.
  ?? ?我最近都没有和老板联系过，公司要搞什么活动我不知道。
  ?? ?You should contact with the professor before you leave for your vacation.
  ?? ?在你度假走之前，应该和教授联系一下。
 （2）We're in control now .（片中）    be in control??在掌控之中
 例：Our company is in control of six factories throughout China.
 ?? ? 在中国我们有六家公司属于我们。
 ?? ? It's very dangerous to drive if you're not totally in control of the car at all tmes.
 ?? ? 如果你总是无法掌控你的车，那样是非常危险的。
 Movie Tunes??原声碟
Jack's Lament  oh, somewhere deep in side of these bones an emptiness  began to grow on emptiness,  there's something out there   Far from my home   a longing that   I've never known   I'm the master of fight          lament 悲叹，伤心，遗憾，难过      longing 极度渴望

Action English(157） 动感英语（157）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
costume designer 服装设计??负责服装风格的设计，设计并制作影片所需的服装。
American slang 美国俚语
You said they'd come for us.（片中）    come for sb??来做....为....? ?? ?sth??来送.....
例：The postman is going to come for the parcels around 3pm.
?? ? 邮递员大概要下午3点来送包裹。
?? ? My mother can't come for me because her car broke down.
?? ? 因为车抛锚了，所以我妈妈不能来看我了。
Classic film clips??经典对白? ?from“决战星球”
（1）This is what the messager was picking up （片中）
pick up??接收（和电子有关）???其他意思开车接... / 买东西/ 捡起
例：My stereo isn't working very well, I can't pick up any radio stations.
?? ? 我的收录机不好用，因为它接收不到任何一个电台。
（2）If I can access the database.（片中）    access 获得....途径
例：If I lose my library card they won't let me access the book collections.
  ? 如果我把图书卡弄丢的话，他们不会允许我拿那些书的。
 ?? ?A good password prevents other people from accessing your email accout.
 ? ?如果你有好的密码，就可以阻止别人侵入你的邮箱。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
What's This     What's This ,What's This     There's something very wrong,     What's This , there's people singing song, what's this ,streets are lined? ?路的两旁  with little creature? ?不能识别的东西，有生命的东西  laughing everybody seems so   happy have gone daffy? ???疯狂


Action English(158） 动感英语（158）
Movie dictionary? ?电影词典
tripod??三角架? ? tri? ?三个??是前缀， 摄像机放在上面起稳定作用，确保镜头的稳定和流畅。
American slang??美国俚语
Now , clear them back . （片中）  clear back / clear out??驱除??remove it ; get it out of way 
例：I want you to clear out all the trash from your room before she comes over.
?? ? 在她来之前，你该把房间里的垃圾清扫出来。
 ?? ?The spectators had to be cleared back from the field because they were getting too close to the players.
 ?? ?这些观众被从场地轰了出来，因为他们离选手太近。
Classic film clips??经典对白??from “决战星球”
（1）I was just getting ready to make my move . （片中）    make one's move??采取行动
例：We need to have all the necessary information on the company before we make our move and try to buy it .
 ?? ?在你收购那家公司前，我们必须收集必要的资料。
 ?? ?Don't be sheep, be lion   ???Tomorrow I'll make my move and ask the girl out to dinner.
  ???明天我打算采取行动约那个女孩子出去吃饭。
 （2）Take good care of him, okay? （片中）    take good care of something 好好照顾
 例：Alice takes very good care of her grandparents , she visits them everyday.
? ? ? Alice把祖母照顾的很好，她每天都去看他们。
??  ? I have to take good care of the car while my parents are away.
??  ? 父母不在的时候，我要照顾好这部车。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Jack's obsession??  Christmastime is buzzing in my skull   kill it let me be ?   I cannot tell    There's so many things   I cannot grasp    when I think    
obsession??执迷，对....感兴趣    Christmastime??圣诞节那段时间    buzzing 嗡嗡的响   
let me be??不要打扰我     grasp??把握

Action English(159） 动感英语（159）
Movie dictionary??电影词典
kirk Douglas??柯克.道格拉斯
American slang??美国俚语
It's really just blind luck .（片中）    blind luck??运气
例：It was blind luck that I found 100 RMB on the ground .
?? ? 我在地上捡到100元钱纯属运气。
 ?? ?Success is not gained through you have to work hard for it .
 ?? ?成功不是靠运气，只能靠你努力获得。
Classic film clips? ?经典对白 from “异形2”
（1）You have my word on it （片中）  have one's word on something 保证....
例：Will you drive me to work tomorrow?   你明天送我去工作吗？
 ??  ?Yes, you have my word on it .   你向我保证过。
   ? I can't believe you didn't call me last night, you gave me your word on it.
   ? 我不相信你居然昨晚没打电话给我，你向我保证打给我的。
（2）All right , I'm in.（片中）    I'm in 我也去，算我一个  
例：If you can find enough people to play baseball, I'm in.
??  ? 如果你能找到足够的人打棒球，算我一个。
Movie Tunes? ?原声碟
Kidnap the Sandy claws??     I want to do it     let's draw straws    Jack said we should together , three of a birds of??a forever 

Action English(160) 动感英语（160）
Movie dictionary??电影词典
Laurence Olivier? ?劳伦斯.奥利弗
American slang??美国俚语
hold up??慢一点；推迟，拖延
例：I asked my tennis partner to hold up so I could tie my shoelace.
?? ? 我让我的网球搭档慢一点，等我系下我的鞋带。
?? ? The plane was held up for 1 hour because of a snowstorm.
?? ? 因为有暴风雨，所以飞机推迟了一个小时。
Classic film clips??经典对白??from “异形2”
（1）oh, give it a rest , why don't you ? （片中）  give it a rest??停下来（厌烦） 
例：I'm tired of practicing the violin,?I’m going to give it a rest for a while.
?? ? 我厌烦了练习小提琴，我能不能停下来休息一会。
 ?? ?Could you please give it a rest?? ?? ?You're always complaining.
?? ? 你能不能停一停啊，别总是那么多抱怨。
（2）Hard to believe there's a little girl under the all this .（片中）  hard to believe 难以置信 
例：It's hard to believe that you're a grandfather, you look so young.
 ?? ?真的不敢相信你已经做了爷爷，你看起来是这么年轻。
 ?? ?It's hard to believe that I'm graduating from college, It feels like I just started.
 ?? ?真的难以置信我毕业了，怎么感觉像刚刚开始。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Making Christmas     Making Christmas, * Christmas    snakes and mice get wrapped up     so nice with spider legs and     pretty bows, it's ours this time     altogether that and this.

Action English(161） 动感英语（161）
Movie dictionary??电影词典
Rita Hayworth??丽塔.海华丝    19世纪四五十年代的女明星。
American slang??美国俚语
look sharp??提高警惕，振奋
例：Our boss told us to look sharp when the president comes for a visit.
?? ? 我们老板告诉我们要精神些，因为总裁要来看我们。
?? ? It's hard for the soccer team to look sharp when it's 40 degrees outside.
?? ? 外面40度的高温，要想让球队反应快些很难。
Classic film clips??经典对白??from“异形2”
（1）It's worth a try . （片中）    worth a try??值得一试
例：Applying for that job is worth a try, you might get it.
?? ? 申请那份工作很值得一试，你很有可能得到它。
?? ? If you like her it's worth a try to ask her out she might say yes.
?? ? 如果你真的喜欢她，那叫她出来值得一试，也许她会答应。
（2）but let's not make snap judgment, please .（片中）    snap judgment??太草率，太仓促做决定  
例：I'm sorry, I called your bf playboy, It was a snap judgment,I don't even know him.
?? ? 对不起，我称你男朋友是花花公子，这太草率，我甚至还没认识他。
 ? ? You shouldn't have fired me without listening to my explanation, It was a snap judgment .
 ?? ?不听我的解释你不能解雇我，这样做太草率了。
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Oogie Boogie's song     Release me fast or     you will have to answer    for this heinous act     oh, brother     you're something you put     me in a spin  
Oogie Boogie's? ?妖怪，可怕的野兽，吓人的家伙   have to answer? ?受到惩罚    
heinous??罪恶之极，非常坏    oh, brother??哦，我的天啊    put me in a spin??站不稳    
Action English(162） 动感英语（162）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Doctor  Zhivago      日瓦格医生   
American Slang   美国俚语 
We're rolling. （片中）   let’s roll.  我们走，要离开了。 
例：If the waitress doesn't take our order, we're rolling. 
    如果服务员再不上菜，我们就走. 
    I don't like this dance club, let's roll. 
    我不太喜欢这个舞蹈俱乐部，我们走吧！
Classic film clips   经典对白 
（1）. We'll be set up for life（片中)   set up for life  衣食无忧 
例： If I win the lottery, I’ll be set up for life. 
     如果我中了彩票,以后生活就不用愁了 。
     Marry him, and she'll be set up for life. 
    嫁给他,她下半辈子就衣食无忧了. 
（2）. I’m not sure if they’ll nail you right to the wall （片中） nail someone to the wall 重重的惩罚谁 
例： He got nailed to the wall for cheating. 
     他因为作弊而受到严重惩罚. 
     If you get caught stealing, you’ll get nailed to the wall. 
     如果你偷窃被抓住，你就会受到惩罚。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Poor Jack


Action English(163) 动感英语（163）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
prop maker   道具制作人
American slang  美国俚语
Get real, man.（片中）    get real  现实点
例：When I tell people that I want to be a billionaire, they just tell me to get real
    当我告诉人们我想成为百万富翁时，他们只告诉我现实点吧。
    I wish my parent would get real, they think that I will graduate with the best grades in the country. 
    我希望我的父母现实点，他们认为我的学历是全城最好的。
Classic film clips   经典对白
（1）few and far between  稀少
例：Fresh strawberries out of season are few and far between.
    新鲜的草莓不适季节时很稀少。（反季节的鲜草莓很少见。）
    It hasn't been a very wet summer, rainy days have been few and far between.
    这不是个湿润的夏天，下雨的天气很少。
（2）Find yourself a keeper.    keeper   陪伴你一生的人
例：Ever since my dogs followed me home when he was a puppy.I knew he was a keeper.
    我的狗当它还很多小的时候跟我回家时，我就知道它会一直陪伴我。
　　The photos taken on my 18th birthday party are keepers, I've framed them and hung them on the wall.
　　我十八岁生日party照的照片将伴我一生，我以将它们镶在像框中挂在墙上。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
what the world needs now is love.    Lord, we don't need another meadow,     There are cornfields and wheatfields enough to grow,     There are sunbeams and moonbeams enough to shine,     What the world needs now,     Is love, sweet love,

Action English(164） 动感英语（164）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
gaffer  照明电工
American slang  美国俚语
He's hanging in there .（片中）    hanging in there  保持/坚持某种状态
例：At first i diidn't want to finish the book because it was so long.But I hung in there and read it to the end.
　　开始我觉得这本书太长了不想读完，后来还是坚持住了。
    The hours of training everyday made the althlete want to quit, But he hung in there and won the competition.  每天那么多小时的（大量的）训练使这个运动员想放弃，但是最后还是坚持下来并且赢得了比赛（胜利）。
Classic film clips   经典对白 
（1）Well how else was I supposed to flag you down?（片中） flag you down: 吸引某人注意力=attrack sb's attention
例: When it began to rain, I had to flag down a taxi
   天开始下雨，我不得不拦辆出租车。
   When I arrived at the crowded noghtclub, my friend had to flag me down by yelling.
   当我到达了喧嚣的夜总会，我的朋友不得不大喊来吸引我的注意力。
（2） I'm wired（片中）    be wired  精力充沛
例：After 3 cups of coffee last night I felt totally wired.
　　昨天晚上喝过三杯咖啡以后我感觉精神多了。
Movie Tunes   原声碟
"I'll say a Little Prayer" 小小祈祷    I ran for the  bus dear    While riding I trhink of us     Dear I'll say a Little Prayer    for you at work , I just     take time and all through my    coffeebreak time    I say a Little Prayer for you    From the moment I wake up    Before I put on my makeup    I say a Little Prayer for you   

ACTION ENGLISH (165) 动感英语 （165）
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
equipment staff 道具人员
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Thanks a bunch. （片中）  a bunch = a lot 
例： I thanked my parents a bunch after they gave me a present for my birthday.
     我很感谢我的父母,他们为我准备了生日礼物.
     There were a bunch of reasons why I couldn’t go to the marathon on the weekend.
     周末我不能去马拉松的原因很多.
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. That was just show business. C in the film      show business 做做样子看
例： The manager seemed full of confidence to the other executives, but that was just show business.
     经理在其他董事面前信心十足的样子,不过是做作样子而已.
     It was just show business when the man tried to attract women by wearing expensive suits.
     那个男的试图通过穿昂贵的衣服来吸引女性,不过是装装样子罢了.
2. Slide over to my place. （片中）   Slide 意思是 去什么地方(玩) = go to somewhere/ travel
例： We had dinner at home first, then we wanted to slide into town for some more drinks.
     我们在家先吃过饭,然后想去城里再喝点什么.
     I had spent enough time in one place and decided it was time to slide and go somewhere different.
     我在一个地方呆的够久了,决定要去个不一样的地方.
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
 “Finale”    la, la, la, (etc.)   jack's ok and hes back ok    hes all right    lets shout, make a fuss    scream it out, wheeee    jack is back now, everyone sing    in our town of Halloween    
make a fuss 引起注意

Action English(166) 动感英语（166）
Movie dictionary电影词典
period film   古装片
American slang美国俚语
Just take it easy!（片中）    take it easy   放轻松
例：The doctor told me to take it easy and get lots of rest.
    医生告诉我要放轻松，多多休息。
Classic film clips经典对白
（1）I'd like to propose a toast.（片中）    propose a toast:    祝酒词
例：At my friend farewell I propose to toast his travel and his new job.
    在与朋友的告别时我祝他一路风顺，也祝福他得到新工作。
    At the graduation party they proposed a toast to the end of school and the beginning of adult life.
    在毕业的晚会上我庆祝学校生活的结束和成人生活的开始。
（2）wanted a crack at Jack's money.（片中）    have a crack at:  涉及……参与
例：I was never all athletic person,but I wanted to have a crack at basketball.
    我不是个体育能手，但是我想参与篮球运动。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Someday my prince will come    Some day I'll find my love,    Someone to call my own,    and I'll know him the moment we meet,    For my heart will be skipping a beat. 


Action English(167) 动感英语（167）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
Indiana Jones《夺宝奇兵》
American slang 美国俚语 
That wall is jinxed.（片中）    jinxed   不吉利，不幸
例：After 3 divorces she started to believe the marriage was jinxed. 
    在她离了三次婚以后，她开始认为婚姻不是好东西。
    He felt that the summer was jinxed because there had even been one hot day.
    他感到这个夏天太不幸了，因为天天都是酷热的天气。
Classic film clips 经典对白    from “魅力四射”
（1）I have a feeling about you.  （片中）  have a feeling about someone 有什么样的感觉
例：Even though the evidence proved otherwise, the judge had a feeling that the man on trial was guilty. 
    法官感觉这个人是有罪的，尽管证据不是很充分。
    After meeting my boss for the first time, I had a feeling that we would get along. 
    在和我们老板见过第一次面后，我就感觉我们会相处得很好。
（2）You'd better not push me.          push somebody 惹怒
例：Don't push me when I'm tired or I will get angry.
    当我累的时候或者生气地时候不要惹我。
    The students pushed the teacher so much that he resigned.
    学生们惹得老师太生气了，所以老师辞职了。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I'm Still Here     I am a question to the world    Not an answer to be heard    or a moment that's held in your arms

Action English(168) 动感英语（168）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Meryl Streep:梅尔瑞.斯特里普
American slang 美国俚语
a power trip  自大
例：It was a power trip for Tim when all his classmate began asking him for help with their work.
    所有的同学都请他帮忙，Tim显得很自大。
    When the employer is on a power trip,he think it gives him the right to be rude to everyone that works for him.  雇佣者很自大，他想他有权力让每个人为他工作。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Let's see you moves.（片中）    see someone's moves   表现，展示
例：The camerman told the model he wanted to see her moves for the music video.
    摄影师告诉模特他要看看她是否适合那个音乐。
    He loved going to nightclubs because all the girls could see his moves on the dance.
   他很喜欢去酒吧，因为那里所有的女孩都看他的舞姿。
（2）Break my rules,I fire you on the spot.（片中）    on the spot: 立刻，立即
例：When the boy told his girlfriend that he had cheated on her,she broke up on the spot.
    当男孩告诉他女朋友他欺骗了她时，她就马上与他分手了。
    The woman stowted spending money on the spot after she found she win a prize.
    这个女人在她中奖以后就大把的花钱。 
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Don't Fence me in    Oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above   Don't fence me in   Let me ride through the wide open country that I love   Don't fence me in   Let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze   And listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees   Send me off forever but I ask you please   Don't fence me in

Action English(169) 动感英语（169）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Dustin Hoffman:达斯汀.霍夫曼
American slang 美国俚语
a one night stand   一夜情
例：Although she only had a one night stand with him, she still thought about him often.
    尽管她和他只有一夜情，她还是时常想起他。
    He wished that it hadn't been a one night stand because he had lefe his bag at her house and wanted to get it back.  他真希望那不是一夜情，因为他把包忘在她的房间了并且想拿回它。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）He owes me a favor.（片中）    owe one's a favor   欠一个人情
例：I owe my sister a favor because she lent me money when I couldn't pay my rent.
    我前我姐姐一个人情，因为在我付不起房租的时候她借钱给了我。
    Just because he gave me a ride home, he thinks I owe him a favor in return.
    就因为他让我搭他车回家，他就认为我该还他的人情。
（2）I hate to burst your bubble.（片中）    burst someone's bubble  某人梦想，希望破灭
例：I got a second audition for the role in the movie, but it really burst my bubble when I didn't get the part.    我得到了电影中的哪个角色的地二次面试，可当最终没有得到那角色真是（觉得）梦想破灭了。
    I didn't want to burst the boy's bubble by telling him that his favourite comic book characters weren't real.      我真不想让那孩子梦想破灭去告诉他他喜欢的连环画的人物都是虚构的。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Scarborough fair    Are you going to Scarborough Fair?    Parsley, sage, rosemary & thyme    Remember me to one who lives there    She once was a true love of mine


Action English(170) 动感英语（170）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Apocalypse Now   现代启示录
American slang 美国俚语
You were never a lifer.（片中）    a lifer   做..... 很长的一段时间 
例：My dream job is to be a lifer on a famous television show.
    我所梦想的工作是在一档著名的电视节目中做很长的时间。
    The guilty criminal got a lifer, he was sentenced to forty years in prison.
    罪犯得到了无期徒刑，他被判了40年监禁。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）You got me?（片中）    You got me?  你明白我的意思吗？
例：I want you home before midnight, you got me?
    我想让你午夜前回家，明白我的意思吗？
    Sometimes I just don't got my friend, He hardly eats anything, but he's never hungry.
    有时我真不明白我的朋友，他几乎什么都不吃，但他也从来不饿。
（2）We're right behind you.（片中）    be right behind sb  支持某人（恰好站在某人的后面）
例：When my uncle decided to run for mayor, the family was right behind him.
    我叔叔决定竞选市长，全家都支持他。
    I was right behaind my friend when he was choosing which university courses to take..  
    我朋友在选择选修大学课程时，我支持他。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Daddy wasn't there    When I was first baptized.    When I was criticized.    When I was ostracized. 


Action English(171) 动感英语（171）
Movie dictionary   电影词典
AVID    一套计算机系统
American Slang   美国俚语
a natural    天才
例：He’s a natural sportsman .He never trains but still does very well.
    他天生是个运动员，他从来不参加训练还是那么棒。
    It was the first he’d acted, but he was very good, definitely a natural.
    虽然他第一次上台表演，但是表演得很好简直是个天才。
Classic Movie Clips  经典对白
（1）sweet    好的(感觉)
例：He’s got a sweet job ,He just needs to sit and read books all day .
    他找到了一份好工作一天唯一的工作就是坐在那里。
    He had a sweet season last year, he played great at every game.
    他在去年有一个了不起的赛季，每场比赛他都很了不起。
（2）on a roll    越来越顺
例：I’ve really been on a roll, I’ve had five dates in the last week.
    我真的很走运，上个星期一连七天除了二天工作其余五天都在约会。
    He’s made 6 goals, He’s on a roll this game.
    他一连进了6个球，那场比赛他太顺了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
I will always return    I hear the wind call your name     It calls me back home again     It sparks up the fire - a flame that still burns     Oh it's to you I'll always return 
sparks 火星（指火苗）     flame 一缕缕火焰


Action English(172) 动感英语（172）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
monitor  监视器
American slang 美国俚语
I'm just gonna order something to go.（片中）      to go    打包带走吃，外卖，带走
例：I'll have two Big Maces and a large fries to go, please.
    请给我两个巨无霸（汉堡）和一个大薯条打包。
    I don't have time to eat at a restaurant, so I'll order some food to go.
    我没时间在餐厅吃饭，所以要叫些食物打包。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1） I must have missed the memo. （片中）    memo  备忘录
例：After the conference I wrote a memo on the ideas we had discussed.
    讨论会后，我将大家讨论的意见写了个备忘录。
    When is the company trip to Beidahe? I didn't get the memo.
    公司什么时候去北戴河旅游？我没看见通知（指贴在记事板上的便条）
（2）It's danceing with joy!（片中）   dancing with joy  高兴得手舞足蹈
例：When I got my paycheck I was so happy,I was dancing with joy.  
    当我拿到薪水的时候，真是高兴的不得了。
    I was dancing with joy when I met my close friend at the airport.
    当我在机场遇见老友的时候，真是高兴的不得了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
You can't take me   Never gonna give in,    Never gonna give it up ,no    if you can't catch a wave,    Then you're never gonna ride it,    You can't come uninvited,

Action English （173）动感英语 （173）
Movie dictionary 电影词典 
stereo sound 扬声器
American slang  美国俚语 
I got us a way out of this mess （片中）    a way out of this mess  想一个方法摆脱麻烦  
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　mess：在这儿指不好的事情
例：The traffic is terrible today!  we need to find a way out of this mess.
　　今天塞车太厉害了，我们得想办法摆脱出去。
　　I have 3 exams and an interview tomorrow.  I really need a way out of this mess!
    我明天有3 次测试和一次面试。我真得想办法摆脱困境。
Classic film clips  经典对白
<1>just get over here 来我这
例：I need you to get over here my office to help me with this report. 
    需要你到我办公室来帮我写这个报告。
　　Can you get over here my place and then we'll go to the party together
    你能到我这儿来吗？然后我们一起去参加那个聚会。
<2>Somebody's certainly been a busy bee.（片中）    busy bee 很忙碌但效率很快
例：He's not much of a busy bee.  It always take him hours to do a small piece of work .
    他不是一个高效率的人。他做一项简单的工作都得花费几个小时。
　　I was a real busy bee yesterday and painted the whole house.
    我昨天真够忙的，我把整幢房子粉刷了一遍
Movie Tunes  原声碟      from<<玩具总动员>>  
strange things "真是怪事”    I was on top of the world    it was right in my pocket    I was living the life    things were just the way they should be    
on top of the world  你的感觉到了顶峰  in my pocket  掌握在手   living the life  享受一生

Action English(174) 动感英语（174）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
film projection  放映电影
American slang 美国俚语
Care to do the honors?（片中）  do the honors  做...很荣幸   很多人中单单挑中你做某事，很荣幸
例：Why don't you do the honors and open the bottle of champagne for us all?
　　为什么你不去把香槟酒打开
    I'll do the honors and open the present.  我很荣幸能打开这个礼物
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Two and a half yours of undercover work（片中）    undercover     秘密从事的, 秘密的, 被雇进行间谍活动的  undercover work  秘密的工作     (附：undercover work 除了做名词还可以是做动词的，  就是work undercover）
例：The police have to work undercover to capture the drug dealers.
　　警察为了抓住这些毒贩子他们不得不密秘的进行
    James Bond works undercover to get secret information from his enemies.
    詹姆斯.邦德秘密工作从他的敌人那里得到秘密情报。
（2）Well,so long（片中）    so long     再见（分别很长的时间）
例：I'll see you when you return of Beijing,so long.      等你返回北京时我们再会，再见。
    Take care and so long,I hope you have a good trip.    保重。一路顺风。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
I will go sailing No More    All the things I thought,    I'd be all the brave things,    I'd done vanished like a snowflake,    with the rising of the sun.
Vanished   消失           snowflake  白色的小雪花

Action English(175) 动感英语（175）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
standard lens    标准镜头  
American slang 美国俚语
Don't throw it all away.（片中）    throw it all away   浪费机会 
例：He was a great success until he threw it all away gambling.
　　他一直很成功直到他抛弃机会去赌博。
    You could do so much with your lift. So don’t quit school and throw it all away.
    你一生可以做那么多事情。所以不要退学而浪费机会。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）till the end of his days.（片中）    till the end of someone's days    直到一辈子最后一天 
例：He lived in the same apartment till the end of his days.
　　他一辈子都住在同一个公寓里。
    My grandparents were married till the end of their days.
    我的祖父母结婚一直到他们的最后一天。
（2）I keep a low profile.（片中）    low profile   低调，低姿态    high profile   高调
例：I was late for work today. I should keep a low profile so the boss doesn't notice.
    我今天工作迟到了。我得保持低调这样老板就不会注意我了。
    Dave’s keeping a low profile until his exam is over. He really wants a good grade.
    Dave在考试结束前一直保持低调。他真的想要一个好分数。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Beyong the see    Somewhere beyond the sea    Somewhere waiting for me    My lover stands on golden sands    And watches the ships that go sailing


Action English(176) 动感英语（176）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
colour reversal film   彩色反转片
American slang 美国俚语
Be my guest.（片中）    be my guest  你想做什么就去做吧
例：If you think you can do the job. Be my guest and give it a try.
    如果你认为你能做这个工作，那就去试着做一下吧。
    Can I try you new badminton racket? Sure, be my guest.
    我可以试用你的羽毛球拍吗？   当然可以。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）I gotta hand it to ya.（片中）    hand it to ya     恭喜你   ya=you
例：I have to hand it to ya. I mean that is a great party.
    我必须恭喜你。我是说那舞会真棒。
    I don't know how you meet so many girls, I have to hand it to ya.
    我真得恭喜你，不知你怎么会遇到那么多漂亮姑娘。
（2）You really came through.（片中）    come through   帮了我一把,一个大忙
例：My brother really comes through when he lent me the money to pay for college.
    我哥哥帮了我一把，他借钱给我付学费。
　　Thanks for driving me to work this morning, you really came through, I would have been late.  
　　谢谢你今天早上送我去上班，你真帮了我一把。否则我就要迟到了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Some Fun now    Poor Seymour pushed a broom,     nothing in his news but    Gloom and doom    Then he lit a fuse    And give him room    He started an explosion,    Holy cow,    That thing went bang ka-boom    And he's havin' some fun now

Action English(177) 动感英语（177）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
resolution capability   分辨率
American slang 美国俚语
They do not know any better.（片中）    not know any better   不懂事
例：Don't punish my son for stealing, he doesn't know any better.
    我的孩子偷你的东西怎样，他年级小不懂事
    You can't get mad at the dog for ruining your shoes, he doesn't know any better.
    你不能为小狗弄走你的鞋子生气，它毕竟不懂事。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Welcome to the club.（片中）  welcome to the club （欢迎加入我们俱乐部）同病相连
例：Your girlfriend dumped you, welcome to the club, mine dumped me last week.
    你被女朋友甩了？ 咱俩真是同病相连，我的那位上周把我给甩了
    I hope my band gets famous, welcome to the club―who doesn't want to be a rock star?
    彼此彼此，同楚相连，我也想成为一位摇滚巨星
（2）I hate it when negotiation gets sour.（片中）    get sour （变酸了）变得不好了！
例：The game gets sour when all the players started yelling at the referee.
    当所有球员向裁判大喊大叫，比赛就变得不愉快了
    The date got sour when my ex-girlfriend showed up last night.
    昨晚我的前女友露面使我的约会泡汤
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Round Round    If you hate me    I will show you    How to brain me    into something new    If you want me    run away now    If you stop me    then I'll hit the ground
play me   说服我  改变我    hit the ground  迅速很快的移动（形容跑得很快）


Action English(178） 动感英语（178）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
sound studio  录音棚  这里有隔音的设施，不能参杂其他声音，任何电影里需要的声音都在这里录制。
American slang   美国俚语
I didn't catch it  我没有明白  = I didn't understand  
例：A: What did the weather report say?  刚才天气预报说什么了？
    B: I didn't catch it .  我不是很清楚。
    A: What was her name again?  她叫什么名字了？
    B: I didn't catch it when she was introduced.  当她介绍的时候我也没有注意。
Classic film clips  经典对白  from "ATLANTIS"
（1）we're on it  我们马上做完 /  我们马上开始做
例：The boss asked us if we could finish the report by 5pm I told him we we're on it .
    老板问我们是否能在5点前完成报告，我告诉他我们马上就会做完。
    A: Did you remember to call your mother.  别忘了给妈妈打电话。
    B: No but I'll get on it   我马上就去。
（2）You're a bigger pain in the neck  （片中）  pain 疼痛 neck 脖子   
                         pain in the neck  （一个人，一件事）头痛，心情不好，心烦
例：Her sister is a pain in the neck, she's always stealing Nancy's clothes.
    Nancy的姐姐是个很麻烦的人，因为她经常偷穿Nancy 的衣服。
    I really wish my ex-bf would stop calling me , He's such a pain in the neck 
    我真的希望我的前男友不要再电话骚扰我了，他是个大麻烦！
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Here I Am     Here we are     we’ve just begun    And after all this time     our time has come    Ya here we are still goin’ strong    Right here in the place where we belong    Here I am   next to you


Action English （179） 动感英语 （179）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
trick shot    欺骗性镜头
American slang 美国俚语
You're a sneak.（片中）    sneak   鬼鬼祟祟的人、 偷偷摸摸的行为, 偷偷摸摸、鬼鬼祟祟做事
例：You threw me a surprise party? You're such a sneak.
    你给我一个惊奇的聚会？你真是个神神秘秘的人。
    You sneak! How did you get into the movies without money?
    你真够神秘的！你不花钱买票是怎么进的电影院啊？
Classic film clips  经典对白   
（1）good for a laugh（片中）    good for a laugh  什么人、东西是很好笑、有趣的
例：My uncle's always good for a laugh, He tells funny stories.
    我叔叔总是很风趣。他经常讲有趣的故事。
    The movie is worth seeing. It's good for a laugh.
    这部电影值得一看。它很有意思。
（2）wow, heavy, a pilot （片中）    heavy   有思想内涵的、深沉的
例：The book I'm reading is heavy. It's making me think seriously about my life.
    我正在读的这本书很深刻，它让我认真考虑我的人生。
   Duran is a heavy guy, he's always talking about philosophy.
   Duran是个很深沉的人。他经常谈论哲学。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Miracle child    You are a Miracle child   You are the best.  You shine the brightest.  Your days nill be cloudless, and mild    Your trails be blessed    Your trials the

Action English(180) 动感英语（180）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
view finder   取景器
American slang 美国俚语
Okey Dokey  （同意）好的
例：I'm going to start the movie now.     Okey Dokey! I'm coming.
    我现在要开始放电影了。   好的，我来了。
    Jennifer's coming over for dinner.     Okey Dokey! I'll make extra.
    Jennifer 要来吃晚餐。    好的，我会多做点。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Do you want it sugar coated....（片中）    sugar coated  粉饰 （在衣服上涂上一层糖）
例：I told Jessica what happened, but I had to sugar coat it.
    我告诉Jessica发生了什么事，但是我不得不加以粉饰。
    Don't sugar coat the truth, tell me everything.
    不要粉饰事实，告诉我所有的事情。
（2）It's like trying to find a flea on an elephant's ass. 形容一件事情很难（就像要在大象屁股上找到一个跳蚤）
例：Trying to find you in a crowd is like trying to find a flea on an elephant's ass, It's impossible.
    在人群中发现你就象大海捞针（就像要在大象屁股上找到一个跳蚤），根本不可能。
    The studio is hard to find, I feel like I'm trying to find a flea on an elephant's ass.
    摄影棚（演播室）太难找了，就象大海捞针。（就像要在大象屁股上找到一个跳蚤）
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Bloom    The flowers reaching for the sun    are all uniquely blessed    But though each is special     none is better than the rest

Action English(181） 动感英语（181）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
time code    时间码
American Slang   美国俚语
pissed it away（片中）    piss something away    把....浪费掉  
例：My father thinks I'm pissing my life away because I'm in a rock band.
    我父亲认为我在浪费生命，因为我在一个摇滚乐队里。
    I could have gone to Sydney, but I pissed all my money away gambling 
    我本来可以去悉尼的，但是我去赌博挥霍掉了所有的钱。
Classic film Clips  经典对白
（1）I gave them my blessing.（片中）    give sb my blessing    把祝福给某人
例：They wanted to get married, so I gave them my blessing .They make a lovely couple.
    他们要结婚了，所以我祝福他们。他们是很般配的一对。
   When she quit her job for a better one .I gave her my blessing .It was a good opportunity for her.  
   当她辞职另谋高就时，我祝福她。这对她是一个好机会。
（2）Never looked back.（片中）  Never look back 永远不要后悔 look back:（望后看）表示后悔
例：After I moved to Beijing, I never looked back .I love it here.
    我迁居北京后，从不后悔 ，我喜欢这里。
    I quit the band and never looked back .I made it as a rock star on my own .
    我退出了乐队，但并没有不后悔。而我自己成了一个摇滚明星。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Marketplace     Behold the glory    Behold the wonder    what we have made    shall not be turn asunder    such vast achievement
glory 荣誉, 光荣    achievement 成就    vast 巨大的, 辽阔的

Action English(182） 动感英语（182）
Movie dictionary   电影词典
material    素材
American Slang   美国俚语
give someone a hand    帮助....
例：Could you give me a hand and pass me the scissors? I can't reach them myself.
    帮个忙把剪刀递给我，我够不着。
    Why don't you give dad a hand with garbage? It looks heavy.
    为什么不帮爸爸提垃圾，它看起来很重。
Classic film Clips  经典对白
（1）what's the deal ?   出什么事了?
例：You said you'd pick me up at 10 and it's now 11.What's the deal?
    你说10点来接我，现在都11点了，出什么事了吗？
    What's the deal? Are you coming to the party or not?
    出什么事了， 你到底还来不来party.
（2）be smart about sth  做事聪明点
例：You have to be smart about the kinds of friends you make. Not everyone is honest.
    你必须聪明的对待你所交的朋友，不是每个人都是诚实的。
    If you want to be a famous actress, you have to be smart about it and take good roles.
    如果你想成为著名演员，你不得不聪明地选择好角色。
Movie Tunes   原声碟
Whatever Road's At Your Feet

Action English(183) 动感英语（183）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
North by Northwest   西北偏北
American slang 美国俚语
Got it.（片中）    got it     明白了吗？ 
例：I can't quite seem to get this math problem.
    这个数学题我好像不太懂
    I want you to come home right after school, got it?
    我要你放学后立即回家，听明白了吗？
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Keep track of time（片中） Keep track of time（保持时间的轨迹）表示遵守时间  track:轨迹
例：I have to be somewhere at 8pm,so I'd better keep track of the time.
    今晚8点我要去个地方，所以我最好要掌控好时间
    Joe can't keep track of time and he's often late for important meetings.
    Joe 没有时间概念掌控不好时间,  他总是在重要会议时迟到
（2）I don't want it to slip away.（片中）    slip away  （不知不觉、悄悄的）溜走
例：I think I'm going to try to slip away from this party early tonight.
    我想今晚的这个派队得早点溜了,  我实在太累了想好好休息
    As we get older, time seems to slip away much faster.
    随着年纪的增长,时间了过得越来越快
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Always know where you are    It's good to see the sun    and feel this place    I never though would feel like home    And I run forever far away    and I always know where you are though    I'd end up here alone          end up 到达

Action English(184) 动感英语（184）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
West side story   “西区故事”
American slang 美国俚语
How come?（片中）    How come  为什么？=  why
例：How come you are always late for work? (Why are you always late for work?)
    为什么你上班总是迟到
　　I wonder how come Beth scored better than Bob on the exam when Bob's English is much better.    
　　Bob的英语比他强得多，但是为何英语考试是 Beth反而比Bob 考得好
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）and then they pass away（片中）    pass away=die，pass away（离开了，更委婉）表示死了
例：Jeff's grandparents passed away last year in auto accident.
    Jeff's的祖父母在去年的一场车祸中去世
    Tom was very sad after his dog pass away after ten years.
    他的狗跟随他十个年头就这样死了，Tom伤痛欲绝
（2）a guy with a Master's（片中）    a Master's   硕士
例：I'm thinking about going back to school to get my Master's.
    我在想要不要回到学校再拿个硕士学位
    He has a bachelor's degree in Philosophy and a Master's in the Art History.
    他有两个学位：本科是哲学，硕士是艺术学
Movie Tunes  原声碟
May It Be    Darkness has come     Believe and you will find your way    Darkness has fallen    A promise lives within you now.  
promise：许诺    Darkness has fallen：天黑了 

Action English(185) 动感英语（185）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Star Wars   “星球大战”
American slang 美国俚语
You've been running around（片中）    run around   在短时间内跑了很多地方；粘花惹草
例： After running around doing all of those errands, I just want to relax and watch TV.
     在为那些差事跑了很多地方后，我只想放松放松看看电视。
     He is very good husband and never runs around on his wife.
     他是个对妻子非常好的丈夫，从不在外粘花惹草。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）She looked out for you.（片中）    look out    照顾
例：I have three older brothers who look out for me.
    我有三个哥哥，他们照顾我。
    Lily is thankful to have such good friends who always look out for her.
    Lily非常感激有这样好的朋友，他们总是照顾她。
（2）They're calling for...（片中）    call for  ，call for sb   找某人，call for sth 预测什么
例：Hello? Yes, I'm calling for Ann, is she there?
    喂，对， 我找Ann， 她在那吗？
    They are calling for rain tomorrow, so I don't think we will be able to visit the zoo.
    他们预测明天有雨，所以我想我们去不了动物园了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
When she loved me    When somebody loved me    everything was beautiful    Every hour we spent together    lives within my heart

Action English(186) 动感英语（186）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
E.T.   “ET外星人”
American slang 美国俚语
You think I'm a freak?（片中）    freak    奇怪的人
例： My friends think I'm a freak, because I don't like to sleep more than 3 hours a night.
     我的朋友认为我很怪，因为每晚我睡觉都不喜欢超过3小时。
     This costume is so ugly. It make me look like a freak.
     这套衣服是那么难看，它让我看起来那么怪?
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）A couple things（片中）    couple （大于2）就几个，有一些
例：I need to finish a couple things at the office and then I'll come home.
    我需要在办公室完成一些事情，然后就回家。
    It took a couple weeks ,but the letter finally arrived.
    这封信需要几个星期，但是最后还是邮到了。
（2）Good night sweetheart（片中）    sweetheart（情侣、爱人之间、父母与孩子）甜心、宝贝
例：Sweetheart, what should we do on Valentine’s Day?
    宝贝，我们怎么过情人节啊？
    I can't believe you baked this cake for me! You are such a sweetheart.
    我真难相信你为我烤蛋糕，你真是个甜心。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Sin City    I'm going in to sin city    I'm going to win in sin city    Where the light are bright    Do the town tonight    I'm gonna win in sin city
Action English(187) 动感英语（187）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Schindler's List 《辛德勒的名单》
American slang 美国俚语
easy on   节制点
例：Easy on the beer, you don't want to have a hangover tomorrow, do you?
    少喝点，你不想明天起不了床吧
    If you want to lose weight, you should go easy on the fried food.
    如果你要瘦一些，那么你应少吃油炸的食品
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1） get away with 侥幸成功, 逃脱处罚
例：My little sister is so lucky, she gets away with everything just because she is cute.
    我的小妹很走运，她每次都能逃脱惩罚，因为她长得太可爱了
    Sam thought he could get away with cheating on the test, but he was caught by the teacher.
    Sam 认为考试可以作弊一下以为老师逮不住他，但不巧被老师逮个正着
（2）he was just suck up to you（片中）    suck up to    恭维别人，献媚
例：Eve is always sucking up to her boss, telling him how wonderful he is.
    Eve 喜欢去向她的老板献殷勤，告诉他有多棒
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Borderline    It's taking a toll    It's hard to break away    from lovin    when it feel so good    we're always laugh and singing    and reaching
taking a toll 会产生不好影响

Action English(188） 动感英语（188）
Movie dictionary   电影词典
Citizen Kane    《公民凯恩》 
American Slang   美国俚语
ditch    摆脱,甩掉
例：Your car is a worthless piece of junk .You should ditch it by the side of the road.
    你的汽车是一堆没用的垃圾,  你应该把它扔在路边
Classic Movie Clips  经典对白
（1）work on    提高
例：You play tennis very well, but I think you should work on your backhand stroke.
    你的网球打得不错，但是我觉得你的反手击球还要提高一下
（2）hold it    等一下
例：Hold it ,This bottle is leaking .Use a different one .
    等一下，倒水可以但要换过杯子，这个瓶子漏了
Movie Tunes   原声碟
Anyway The Main Thing Is


Action English(189) 动感英语（189）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
Birth of a Nation  一个国家的诞生
American slang 美国俚语
I'll drop in on them（片中）  drop in  顺便走访, 不预先通知的拜访   drop in+地点，drop in on+人
例：Drop in whenever you're in Haidian, I'd love to see you.
    不论你什么时候到海淀要顺路来看我。我见到你会很高兴。
    My best friend lives in this neighborhood. Let's drop in on her.
    我最好的朋友就住在附近。我们顺路去拜访她吧。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）beat it（片中）   beat it：（语气较强硬，不礼貌）滚开
例：Can you please tell your dog to beat it? I'm allergic to dogs.
    劳驾你能告诉你的狗走远点吗？我对狗过敏
（2）This is what I had in mind（片中）     have sth in mind:（有什么东西、想法在脑袋里）你有什么想法已经想好了
例：Do you want to go out tonight? Sure, what do you have in mind?
    今天晚上你想出去吗？    当然。你想好了要去哪？
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Remember me this way    Every now and then    we find a special friend    whose never let's down    who understand it all   reaches out to each time we fall   
Every now and then：不时，常常    let's  down：失望    reach out：伸出

Action English(190) 动感英语（190）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
To kill a mockingbird   “杀死一只知更鸟” 
American slang 美国俚语
You can't mess with kids on Christmas.（片中）    mess with   挑衅、招惹
例：A drunk guy at the bar tried to mess with me, but the bartender kicked him out.
    有一个醉鬼在酒吧里企图招惹我，但被酒保赶了出去
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Put yourself in your kid's shoes.（片中）    put yourself in someone's shoes  站在别人的角度想
例：Put yourself in your father's. He works every. That's why he's always tired.
     怎么不站在你爸爸的角度想想，他每天都要工作当然累了
（2）Hop in.（片中）   hop in  上车   hop out（动作快）下车
例：Can you give me a ride to the airport?  Sure, hop in.
    可以载我一段去机场吗？  没问题， 快上车吧
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Slicin sand    Slick down your hair    Turn on the music and    we'll get somewhere    Dance dance dance    fill you're toes get tanded    we'll gonna have us a ball 

Action English(191) 动感英语（191）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
trick shot    特技拍摄
American slang 美国俚语
Wind's died down.（片中）    die down  变弱,  渐渐消失、平息
例：The big fuss over Real Madrid playing in Beijing died down after the game.
    皇家马德里队在北京比赛的热潮在比赛后平息了。
   We're hoping for the storm to die down before we go out sailing. Otherwise it could too dangerous. 
   我们希望暴风雨在我们出航前平息。否则就太危险了。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）I especially  didn't want to make you look bad.（片中） make one's look bad 使某人难看
例：I had a job interview yesterday, but I arrived late, which made me look bad.
    我昨天有个工作面试但是我迟到了，这让我很难堪。
　　I didn't want to look bad so although I hadn't started the project I lied to my boss and told him that I'd almost finish all my work. 我不想难堪所以我对老板撒谎说我几乎完成了我所有的工作。
（2）Grant you your request.（片中）   grant sb one's request    同意某人的请求
例：I needed to take a few days off university to go home and my professor agreed to grant me my request. so I'll set out tomorrow. 我需要离开大学回家几天，我的教授同意并批准了我的要求。
    The embassy grant me visa request so now I can book my airline ticket. 
    大使馆批准了我的要求，所以现在我可以订我的机票了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Out Of Place    You're be coming home soon    and you are out of place    You'll knock on my door soon    I just need to see you face. 


Action English(192) 动感英语（192）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
mixer   混音
American slang 美国俚语
I've just about had it with those losers.（片中）   had it with   受够了
例：The trains are always running late, I've absolutely had it with them.
    火车经常晚点。我对它们实在是受够了。
    I've had it with all this traffic. It's impossible to get across town these days.
    我们对这交通受够了。目前想要进城是不可能的。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）We'll take the job.（片中）    take a job   接受一个工作
例：I get offered a job at a bank, but I didn't take it. The hours were too long.
    我收到一个银行的工作意向但我没有接受。那儿的工作时间太长了。
    I've always wanted to travel so I want to take a job that sends me overseas a lot.
    我总想去旅游所以我想找个经常出差的工作。
（2）This is too good to be true.（片中）    too good to be true   好得不敢相信
例：I managed to pass all my exams. It was almost too good to be true.
    我设法通过所有的考试。结果好得难以置信。
    I've been selected to play for the BeiJing football team. I can't believe it, it's almost too good to be true.
    我被选择为北京足球队效力。我不能相信这事，好的简直令人难以置信。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Because You Loved Me    For all those times you    stood by me    for all the truth    that you made me see    for all the joy   you brought to my life   for all the wrong   that you made you right
stand by sb:支持某人 


Action English(193) 动感英语（193）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
animal training 
American slang 美国俚语
Thanks, You're sweet.（片中）   sweet  某个人非常好
例：I'm a very sweet son. Although I'm busy at work, I visit my parents every day.
    我是个孝子，即使我的工作很忙，我也会每天去看我的父母
    She was very sweet and bought me flowers and took me out to dinner for my birthday.
    在我过生日的时候她给我卖了花，还请我吃饭，她真好
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）order another round（片中）   round   一圈、一轮、一盘
例：Before we go we should play one more round of poker.
    走之前我们再玩一圈（扑克）
    I bought the last round of beers so now, it's someone else’s turn to go to the bar and get some.
    最后是我买的一轮啤酒，所以现在轮到别人去酒吧买了
（2）Are you kiddin'?（片中）   kid  n.小孩 /  v.开玩笑  to kid
例：If you get caught kidding around in class and not a concentrating on the work, then the teacher will get very upset.  如果你在课堂上开玩笑不认真学习，老师会很心烦。
    My friend told me that the basketball game was off tomorrow. Luckily he was only kidding, it's still going ahead.  我的朋友告诉我明天的篮球比赛取消了。幸运的是他只是在开玩笑，比赛还会举行。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Bloom    How long there be anger here    before we can rejoice?   Embracing love instead of fear is    but a * choice        rejoice   狂欢、狂喜    embracing   拥抱

Action English(194) 动感英语（194）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
off line editing    非线性编辑
American Slang  美国俚语
cheer sb up    让....高兴起来
例：After I failed my driving test, I needed some cheering up, so my friends took me out to a nightclub.
    考驾照失败后，我需要振奋起来，所以我朋友带我去夜总会（消遣）
    I wanted to cheer my mother up when she was feeling sick, so I bought her a large bunch of flowers.
    我想让我母亲在生病中情绪高兴起来，我买了一大束花给她。
Classic film Clips  经典对白
（1）gall   勇气,胆量
例：Tony never comes to work on time .I cant believe he has the gall to ask the boss for a raise.
    Tony上班从没准时过，我不相信他居然有胆量要求老板给他加薪。
    You sleep until noon everyday .How can you have the gall to accuse other people being lazy.
    你每天睡到中午，怎么还有胆量职责别人懒惰。
（2）give away the ending   先讲出结果
例：I prefer to go to movies on my own because if I go with friends sometimes, they ruin it by giving away the ending.    我喜欢一个人看电影，因为有时跟朋友去他们总是先讲出结局。
    I read the book before I saw the film, so I already knew what was gonna happen the book had gave away the ending .  看这部电影以前我读过原著，所以我已经知道电影的情节和结局。
Movie Tunes   原声碟
London Calling    London calling to the faraway towns    now that war is dedared and     the battle come down

Action English（195）动感英语（195）
Movie dictionary  电影辞典
One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest    “飞越疯人院”  导演：米洛斯.福尔曼Milos Forman 
American slang  美国俚语
There is much more to you than that （片中）    there is much more to 没有看起来那么简单
例：John looks like a dumb athlete, but there's much more to him than that ,He also has a law degree from Princeton and is a good painter.    John 看起来像个体育白痴，但是他没有那么简单，他在Princeton大学取得了法律学位，而且他还是个好的画家。
   Many people expect Sue to be naive because she grew up in the countryside but there is much more to her than that, She has traveled all over the world.   大家都认为Sue天真幼稚，因为她在乡下长大，但是她没有那么简单，她游遍了全世界。
Classic film clips  经典对白 
（1）Our offensive in the Andrness （片中）    offensive 大规模的进攻
例：During the war the Japanese launched a large offensive to the south and were able to capture Singapore.
    在战争期间，日本对南方发动了大规模的战争，占领了新加坡。
    Napoleon's offensive against Russia in 1812 failed because of the cold winter.
    拿破仑在1812年对俄国发动了大规模的战争中失败了，因为寒冷的冬天。
（2）You third army Patton, in full retreat （片中）    make / in full retreat  全面撤退 
例：They were trying to climb to the top of the mountain but when a storm came they had to make a full retreat and get back to the camp.   他们试图爬到山的顶峰，但是由于暴风雪他们不得不全面退回了营地。
    The company tried to open branches in America but it has been in full retreat since it lost millions of dollars.    公司原打算在美国开展子公司，但由于损失了上亿元，因此全面退了回去。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
I wanna be there    I'm losing all my cool    I'm about to break the     rules, 'cuz I wanna be there
losing all my cool  丧失理智 ，发怒    'cuz  = because     wanna = want to   


Action English （196）动感英语（196）
Movie dictionary  电影词典
彗星美人   20世纪50年代的电影，获得6项奥斯卡奖，由巴蒂.戴维斯主演。
American slang  美国俚语
It's high stakes around here, sir （片中）    high stakes  生死关头
例：The company is playing for high stakes, if the takeover bid goes well then they'll make a huge amount of money,if not, they might go bankrupt .   这家公司到了生死关头，如果他们预算的好，他们会赚很多钱，否则的话他们会破产。
    It's high stakes for the Beijing team in tonight's game , if they lose it'll be the end of their season.
    今天的比赛对北京队来说是生死悠关的，如果他们输了，他们这个赛季就不会出现了。
Classic film clips  经典对白
（1）To lodge a complaint about Lieutenants Archer and scott （片中） lodge a complaint  很严肃的，正式的提出起诉
例：The airline lost my bags so I had to lodge a complaint to make sure I got them back
    我在飞机上丢了包，我向他们提出了起诉，以便确保我的包尽快找回来。
    It is useless to lodge a complaint about the bad service at the bank, Nobody cares about the complaints.
    对这家银行的起诉是没有用的，没有人会理会你的抱怨。
（2）What did you do, before the war , for a living ? （片中）  what did you do for a living  你是以什么为生，靠什么生活
例：I've been working as a writer for the four years, it's what I do for a living.
    我作为作家生活了四年，我以它为生。
    I enjoy being a gardener, but it's not much of what did you do for a living, I only get paid RMB 300 a month.   我很喜欢做园丁，但是它不能够为生，因为一个月只有300元的薪水。
Movie Tunes  原声堞
Long Time Coming     Can you whisper in my ear ,let me know its all right , it's been a long time coming down this road and  now i know what i've ...
Long Time Coming  等待已久    whisper 小声的说话   all right  没问题

Action English （197）动感英语（197）
Movie dictionary 电影词典
Some Like It Hot  《热情如火》
由玛丽莲・梦露，托尼・柯蒂斯，杰克・莱蒙，乔治・拉夫特主演，比利・怀尔德(Billy Wilder)导演的美国片“热情如火”非常受到当时人们的欢迎。
American slang  美国俚语
With you colone throwing you to the wolves （片中）   be thrown to the wolves 完全抛弃，送入虎口
例：After the Beijing soccer team did really badly last season they all blamed the captain , He was really thrown to the wolves by his teamates.  北京队比赛完毕后，他们彻底输掉了这个赛季。他们都谴责教练，他完全被他的队员抛弃了。
    When our chairman criticized the work of our company my boss told him it was all my fault , He totally threw me to the wolves and I was very upset .  当董事长批评公司业绩的时候，老板说责任都在我，我完全被出卖了，我感到非常的伤心。
Classic flim clips  经典对白
（1）But I'm quite fond of them （片中）    be （quite ）fond of  喜欢 ＝ like 
例：I'm getting rather fat these days , it's because I'm quite fond of chocolate ice cream and can't stop eating it .  这些天我又变胖了，是因为我特别喜欢吃巧克力冰淇淋，忍不住的总是吃。
    I'm not very fond of drinking beer so I don't often go out to bars and night clubs.
    我不是很喜欢喝酒，所以我不是经常去酒吧和夜总会这样的地方。
（2）Take a seat  请坐 ＝seat down     
例：As soon as I arrived at the interview the person behind the desk told me to take a seat .
    我一去面试的地方，桌子前面的那个人就告诉我坐下。
    When there is turbulence on a plane the pilot always tells passengers to take their seats and put on their safety belts.    当飞机遇到气流的时候，乘务人员就会告诉旅客坐在座位上系好安全带。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
You Got Me     Hey you were on my side    and hey, they just rolled their eyes    you get me when body understands 
you got me 了解我，理解我   on my side 支持我   rolled their eyes 转眼睛

Action English （198）动感英语（198）
Movie dictionary  电影辞典
The Bridge on the River Kwai“桂河大桥”
American slang  美国俚语
Built up enough of a rapport （片中）   rapport  融洽，和谐   built up a rapport  建立和谐
例： My colloge roommate and I lived together for one year but we never go on very well, I was never able to build up any rapport with him.  我和我的大学室友在一起差不多住了一年了，但我们两个的关系好不起来，我觉得曾经尝试过改变，可是我们两根本没法和谐相处
     Everyone at my office has a very good rapport we enjoy working together.
     我的办公室里每个员工的关系都很和谐，工作起来非常快乐
Classic film clips  经典对白
（1）and don't worry , I'll play my part （片中）  play one's part  各尽其责，扮演好自己的角色
例：Five of us are going camping next week so I need to play my part and get the food organized , the others are looking after the tent and equipment.   我们五个人下周要去玩，因此我的工作是把食物准备好，其它四人，一个去准备账蓬，还有一人去准备器材
    We had a conference at work today and were told that everyone needs to play their part , if we're to successfully finish all our new projects.   今天我们在单位开了一个会，会上说：“每个人都要把自己的活做好了，要不然我们这么多新项目就不能顺利完成”
（2）You're going to confess to the murder （片中）  confess （to ）承认，坦白
例：The criminal will definitely be going to jail because as soon as the police arrested him, he confessed.
    那罪犯逃不掉了一定会进监狱,  因为警察一逮住他就马上招了
    My parents were't very happy because I had to confess to them that I didn't get home until four o'clock in the morning.   我的父母那天不高兴了，我不得不主动向父母坦白，那是因为我直到零晨四点才到家。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Get A Move On   动起来   Somebody's got to   keep my body rockin'  跳舞    til late night   I'm warning you    don't try to block me   阻止   on my time    自己支配时间


Action English（199）动感英语（199）
Movie dictionary 电影辞典
Emma Thompson 
American slang  美国俚语
Hang on , cowboy !（片中）   hang on 等一下
例：A：Are you already at the train station?   你到已经到车站了吗？
    B：Hang on!   等一会。
    A：Hi!  Is Alex home?   嗨，Alex在家吗？
    B：Hang on , let me go check .  等一下，我去看看。
Classic film clips  经典对白   from "玩具总动员2"
（1）Let me take the wheel （片中）   take the wheel  掌控
例：My little sister is terrible at cooking ! She should let me take the wheel for this dinner party.
    我姐姐不擅长厨艺，她应该让我来主持晚宴。
    I really don't understand how to fix this computer , Can you take the wheel ?
    我真的不懂修电脑，你能帮我搞定吗？
（2）So who's with me ? （片中）  who's with me ?  谁愿意加入我的行列 / 谁同意我
例：I'm going to that new Japanese restaurant to eat some sushi, who's with me?
    我要去那个新的日本餐馆吃寿司，你和我去吗？
    I want to study E at Action English program, who's with me?
    我想去AE节目组学习英语，你加入吗？
Movie Tunes 原声碟
You Wanted More    Love is challenging    Love is bold    you will always do   what you are told    love is hard , love is strong    you will never say that you    
challenging  挑战   bold 强劲   do you will always do 服从别人，总是听从别人的


Action English（200）动感英语（200）
Movie dictionary  电影辞典 
Copyright   著作权    具有保护你的作品的功能。
American slang  美国俚语
I get it .  （片中）    get it  明白 = understand 
例：Ha ha! I get it. That's a funny joke.
    哈哈，我明白了，那一定是个玩笑！
    This math problem is so hard! I don't get it.
    这道数学题真的很难，我搞不懂。
Classic film clips  经典对白   from" 玩具总动员"
（1）If the boot fits   （片中）   the boot fits    非常合适，事实如此
例：If the boot fits, you should take this new job.
    以你的性格，你会接受那分新工作。
    I'm so glad Jane decided to become a dancer, the boot really fits.
    我很高兴Jane决定成为舞蹈家，因为那很适合她。
（2）How do you like that ? Take it back （片中）   take it back  收回所说的话，为所说的道歉
例：It wasn't nice of you to make fun of your little brother, take it back and never do it again.
    我很讨厌你取笑你弟弟，你应该道歉而且以后别再这么做。
    I can't believe you told your gf she was fat! If you don't take it back, you may never see her again.
    我真不敢相信你告诉你女友说她很胖，如果你不道歉，你以后可能会再也见不到她了。
Movie Tunes  原声碟
Star Light    It's all right    It's okay   I keep holding on today    cuz I'm waiting   for the star light in   you eyes 
hold on  不放弃 .
动感英语笔记Action English 151-200




- 1 -


