动感英语（201）Action English
American slang 美国俚语
???? watch it??当心??留神
例：Watch it! the car almost hit you!
?????? 当心！车差点就撞到你了
例：Babies are very sensitive. You have to watch it when you play with them.
?????? 小婴儿非常敏感的，你们陪婴儿玩的时候一定要当心
Classic film clips 经典对白
<1> way to go??干得漂亮
例：You got a perfect grade on your English exam! Way to go .
?????? 你这次英文考试考得真棒（几乎满分），干得漂亮
例：Yao Ming had to great season. May to go ,Yao Ming!
?????? 姚明这个赛季真棒，干得漂亮，姚明
<2> Let's not start off by point fingers??(片中)
point fingers??推卸责任
例：Children often point fingers when they don't want to get in trouble.
?????? 小时候孩子们喜欢推卸责任，因为他们不想惹麻烦
例：A：How was Bill's party last night?
?????? 昨晚Bill的舞会怎么样？
例：B: Oh, it was a disaster! Everybody started pointing fingers when Bill couldn't find his wallet.
?????? 嗬，很糟糕，Bill的钱包找不到了，每个人都开始推卸责任
Movie Tunes 原声碟
"Cuban pete" From <<变相怪杰>>
They call me 
cuban pete 
I'm the king of 
the runba beat when
I play the maracas
I go chick-chicky boom
动感英语（202）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
cool??非常好??好主意
例：Cool!??Your new cell phone is so small!
太酷了，你买的新手机很小阿！
例：Have you seen Matrixz?
你看过Matrix2吗？太好了！
Classic film clips??经典对白
<1>??I could use a hand?? 我需要帮助
例：Are you busy???I could use a hand with dinner.
你忙吗？你可以帮我做晚饭
例：Lisa is moving into her new apartment this weekend.??Let's go help her.??She could probably use a hand.
?Lisa在周末搬进了新的公寓，让我们帮帮她，她可能需要帮助。
<2>??It'll be fun while it lasts??某事某物不会永远存在，关键在于过程
例：Don't be sad about graduating from college. It'll be fun while it lasts.
不要因为毕业伤心，没有不散的筵席
例：Although true love might not last forever,??it 'll be fun while it lasts.
尽管真爱不能永远，但是我们曾经拥有过!
Movie Tunes??原声碟
"Between Two Worlds"??<<风中奇缘２>>
Like two eagles soar as 
one upon the river of 
the wind, with the pronise 
of forever, we will take the 
past and learn .
动感英语（203）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
cut someone some slack （1）放谁一马 （2）放松
例：The professor cut me some slack and didn't reduce my score for being late.
教授放了我一马，没有因为我的迟到而扣我的分
例：Please cut me some slack in the rope so I can untie the boat.
把绳子放松下，太紧了，我好把船划走
Classic film clips??经典对白
<1> stood someone up 失约
例：After she stood me up a second time, I never agreed to go on a date with her again.
约好了见面她却失约，第二产次了，我再也不想跟她约会了
例：Don't stood us up, Phill.We expect you at the staff meeting tomorrow.
明天在员工大会上见，Phill，不要把我们晾在那
<2> Will do, what's this about?
????will do 照办
例：Mr Weng:Evelyn,will you please these papers?
A：帮我把这些文件整理好？
????Evelyn:Will do ,Mr Weng.
B：好的，Weng先生
例：A:Please don't forget to call me when you arrive.
A：你到的时候别忘了打电话给我
????B:Will do. Talk to you soon.
B：好的，回头见
Movie Tunes??原声碟
“All out of love”来自<<神鬼拍挡>>
I'm all out of love
I'm so lost without you
I know you were right
Believing for so long
I'm all out of love
what am I without you?
I can't be too late 
To say that I was wrong
动感英语（204）Action English
American slang 美国俚语
on second though 转念一想
例：On second though, I will take the subway in stead of a taxi.
?? 我原本准备打车去，但转念一想，我应该坐地铁
例：Let's go to the cinema.No, wait. On second though. 
I would rather just go for a walk.
?? 我们去看电影，想想还是不好，等下，我放变主意了，我想还是去散散步吧
Classic film clips 经典对白 
<1> (until) till one's heant's content??直到谁满意为止
例：Knock it off. After I leave, you can play loud rock music until your heart's content.
??????停下，等我走以后，你可以随便玩（摇滚）玩到你满意为止
例：The beer is free at the party so you can drink until your heart's 
content.
?????? 在这个宴会上啤酒是免费的，你想喝多少就多少
<2> at one's disposal??随某人支配
例：I always like to have a car my disposal in case I want to take a??
trip to the countryside.
??????我想有一部车，随我去开，什么时候我想去乡村去看看就可以用它
例：He was so rick that he never has less than ten servants and a
million dollars at his disposal.
??????他太富有了，他身边从来没有少过十个仆人，还有一百万现金随意支控
Movie Tunes 原声碟
"To Keep This Life"
There's nothing I wouldn't give
Or I wouldn't lose
To keep this life with you
There's nothing I wouldn't say
Or I wouldn't choose
To keep this life with you
动感英语（205）Action English
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
stay on sth 跟住什么，关注什么
例：Please stay on this case. I don't want to
lose it.
?????? 这个案子跟紧点，我可不想输掉
例：There's the car. Let's stay on and see where it goes.
?????? 那辆车在那，我们跟着它看它往哪开
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
<1> We will take him down(片中)
????take someone's down??（1）打败谁 （2）把谁赶下台
例：C'mon(Come on) team! Let's take them down and go home!
?????? 好了各位，我们赶快把他们打败然后回家
例：My boss is a terrible person.I'd like to take him down and take ove this company.
?????? 我的老板为人不怎样，我要把他赶下台，接着我来接管这人公司
<2> Let's hustle??快
例：We better hustle or we'll be late for film.
?????? 我们要快点不然赶不上电影
例：She hustle up to the gate just in time to see her plane take of without her.
?????? 她急急忙忙赶到却眼睁睁看着飞机飞走
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
"Excess" 来自 <<神鬼拍档>>
I believe in people bombing 
I believe in people warring
I believe disease is coming
I believe that's why I'm running
keep living
动感英语（206）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
They're pulling out（片中）
pull out?? 离开,??撤离
例： All of the trucks pulled out of the gas station at the same time.
????????全部的大卡车在同一时间统统离开了加油站
例：??Three team members were pulled out of the game for fighting.
????????三个队员由于打架被要求离开赛场
Classic film clips??经典对白?? 
<1>??clockwork?? 很准时，很有规律
例： The trains at this station are like clockwork.They depart and arrive precisely on time every day.
????????这个站的火车都非常的准点，它们什么时候离站什么时候进站每一天都非常守时
<2> get on board?? 乘...交通工具（如飞机等），加入...
例：Now that you have seen the plan for the project so are you on board?
?????? 现在你已经看了这个项目的计划，那么你要不要加入？
例：Let's get on board this plane quickly,so we can't take off on time.
?????? 我们快点登机吧，以便我们可以按时起飞

Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
“Bombs Over Baghdad”
Don't pull the thang out
unless you plan to bang
bombs over baghdad
Don't even bang 
unless you plan to hit something
bombs over baghdad
Yeah!Un-unh! 
动感英语（207）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
It could be chilly tonight.（片中）
chilly 寒冷的
例： Can I close the window?It's getting a little chilly in here.
???????? 我能把窗子关上吗？这个地方变得有点冷了
例：??It'll be chilly tonight.You should bring a jacket when you go out.
???????? 今晚天气很冷，出门时带件衣服
Classic film clips??经典对白?? 
<1>??Of course,
????????It's none of my business. （片中）
none of one's business????跟....无关
例： You're going on a date tonight.With who?It's none of your business.
???????? 听说今晚你要去约会，和谁，那些跟你无关
<2>??She left her husband.（片中）
leave one's husband or wife????离开...的丈夫或妻子
例：Cindy and her husband argued a lot.That's why she left him.
??????Cindy和她的丈夫吵了一架，那就是她为何要离开他的原因
????
Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
"Runaround Sun"
I miss her lirps and the smile
on her face
The touch of her hand and this girls
warm embrace
So if you don't want to cry like
I do keep away from runaround Sun
动感英语（208）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
Why didn't you say so??你为什么不早说
例： A: Can we finish this tennis game another time?I twisted my ankle yesterday.
???????? B: Of course.Why didn't you say so?
???????? 我们能另找个时间把这场网球赛比完吗，昨天我把脚给扭了
????????当然可以了，你为什么不早说
Classic film clips??经典对白?? 
<1>??You caught me by surprise up there. （片中）
catch sb by surprise?? 什么让你吃了惊，吓了一跳
例： Seeing Joe at the concert really caught me by surprise.I thought he hated opera.
????????我在乐会上竟然看见了Joe，吓了我一跳，我原本认为他最讨厌乐剧
<2>?? It's no big deal.（片中）
It's no big deal?? 这事无关紧要，无所谓
例：I'd like to get a haircut this weekend.But if I can't,It's no big deal.
?????? 这个周末我想理个发，如果不行的话，那也没关系
????
Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
"Casper the friendly Ghost "??????歌曲选自《鬼马小精灵》
He's the friendly ghost
He always says hello
And he's really glad to meet ya'
Wherever he may go,
He's kind to every living creature.
动感英语（209）Action English
American slang 美国俚语
put someone through 帮…接通
例：Hallo, can you please put me through to Mr.Weng?
????He's expecting my call.
????你好，能帮我接翁先生吗，他在等我电话
例：I'm sorry, I can't put you through to Mr.Weng right now.
????His phone is busy.
????对不起，翁先生接不通，他的电话占线
Classic film clips 经典对白
<1>give me the chills 让我感到害怕 
例：The best ghost stories are the one that give you the chills.
????你听说过鬼故事吗，有很多种其中有些让人害怕
例：A:Have you seen the movie "Scream"
?????? 你看没看那部影片“Scream”
????B:Yes, it was so scary. It gave me the chills.
??????哇，太可怕了，我吓得不得了
<2> I could drop in a good word.(片中)
???? drop\put in a good word 我替你去求情??说好话
例：Meg is looking for a new job so I told her I'd put in a good word for her at my office.
????Meg在找工作，所以我跟她讲，我会在办公室帮你留心的
Movie Tunes??原声碟
"Money"
money so they 
say is the root of 
all evil today
but if you 
ask for a raise 
it's no surprise
动感英语（210）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
I can put three men on it .But it'll cost.(片中)
it'll cost??很贵，代价很大
例：It 'll cost you to have your car fixed.
?????? 要把你的车修好，那很贵耶
例：I don't know how Duren is gonna afford a vacation in Europe.??It'll cost him.
?????? 我不明白为何Druen 会付得起钱去欧洲渡，那要花很多钱
Classic film clips?? 经典对白
<1>??I think it's the smartest move I ever made.(片中)
smart move??聪明之举
例：Investing in that stock was a smart move??I think I'll be able to make a lot of money from it.
?????? 你把钱投到那个股票上去真是聪明，因为我相信我会赚很多钱
例：It was a smart move to come to Beijing.??There are so many job opportunitios here.
?????? 来北京是聪明之举，因为在这个地方就业机会很高
<2>??I'm just a little on edge (片中)
on edge??紧张
例：Evelyn doesn't like going to big parties.??She's on edge around new people.
?????? Evelyn不喜欢去大宴会，她周围的人不认识的话会紧张
例：I'm always on dege when I stay with pretty girls alone.
?????? 每当我跟长得漂亮的女孩单独在一起时，我就会紧张
Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
"Brown Eye Girl"来自《与敌同眠》
Lauhing and a - running
skiping and a - jumping
in the misty moming
fog when our hearts
a - trumping and you・・・
动感英语（211）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语??
   《呆呆向前冲》
   He'd snap out of it.（片中）
   snap out of it 尽快摆脱局面
   例：Bob has been acting really strangely recently.
   ????I hope he will snap out of it soon.
   ????Bob最近行为不太对劲，我希望他能尽快好起来
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   <1> college material 大学的料
   例：My sister hates to study.She is definitely not college material.
   ????我的姐妹最讨厌学习了，她绝对不是上大学的料
   <2> what you don't know won't hurt you. 什么事不知为好，以免受到伤害
   例：A:Have you told your parents about your new tatoo?
   ????B:No. What my parents don't know won't hurt them.
   ????你的那个新纹身告诉你父母了吗？
   ????没有，父母知道会难过的
   Movie Tunes 原声碟
   “If I can Help Somebody”<<油炸绿蕃茄>>
   Just listen to that rain
   A-raining in the north
   A-raining in the south
   A-raining in the east
   A-raining in the west
   Tell me if did rain children
   Rain all night long
   Didn't it?
   You know if did I said…… 
动感英语（212）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   handle something??能够应付，处理
   例：Karen is not very good at managing her time.
   ????I don't think she can handle two jobs.
   ????Karen不太擅长掌控时间，我认为她不能应付两份工作
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   <1> catch up on things 好好聊聊天，叙叙旧
   例：I'm going to stay at home with my sister tonight.
   ????She just got back from London and we really need to catch pu on things.
   今晚我只能呆在家陪我妹妹，她刚从伦敦回来，我们俩要好好的叙叙旧。
   例：Dude,I haven't seen you for a long time.
   ????Let's get together and catch up on things.
   ????Dude，我们好长时间没见了，咱们一起出去聊聊天叙叙旧
   <2> be a big fan of something 太喜欢……
   例：My parents are Italians so I'm a big fan of Pizza.
   ????我的父母来自意大利，因此我非常喜欢Pizza
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "Love Song For A Vampire"选自《惊情四百年》
   come into these arms again
   and lay your body down
   the rhythm of this 
   trembling heart is
   beating like a drum
   it beats for you
   it bleeds for you
动感英语（213）Action English
   American slang??美国俚语
   I'll take a scotch and water hold scotch.(片中)
   hold 别放……
   例：I'd like big Mac,but hold the Cheese.
   Classic film clips??经典对白
   <1> Why didn't you s-stick up for me.(片中)
   stick up for 支持谁，站出来为谁说话
   例：A good friend is somebody who stick up for you when other?? people??say you are guild.
   当别人说你不对做错了，会有一个好朋友会站出来说支持你
   <2> Red and I have a history(片中)
   have a history （1）有过节（2）有过一段感情经历
   例：Steve and I don't talk any more because we have a history. Actually we had a big fight in high school.
   我和Steve 再也不讲话了，那是因为我们有过节，是在高中我们打过一架
   Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
   "Speed"
   Running from the nightmare
   in the middle of road
   hell's no place for sleeping
   in a world beyond control……
动感英语（214）Action English
   American slang??美国俚语
   You playing the food's ball behind my back(片中)
   behind somebody back 背着谁去做什么
   例：It's not nice to talk about you friends secrets behind their backs.
   如果你背着你的朋友去讲他们的隐私的话，那是非常不好的
   Classic film clips?? 经典对白
   <1>Coach Kline does have a new trips up his sleeve.(片中)
   have sth.up one's sleeve （你有些想法藏在心里不跟别人讲，万不得已的时候再拿出来）锦囊妙计
   例：We really need to win this game to make it the next round. I hope Coach has a few idea up this sleeve.
   想要进入下一轮必须拿下这场比赛，我希望教练有新招
   <2>I'm gonna take matters into your own hands.(片中)
   take matters into your own hands 你亲自出马
   例：The police haven't done anything about my stoler car. So I'm gonna take into my own hands.
   我丢了一部车可警察也不帮我找，于是我只有亲自出马
   Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
   "I want to spend my lifetime loving you"??来自《佐罗的面具》
   Moon so bright night sofire
   keep your heart here dreaming
   life's a dream we are dream
   race the moon. catch the wind……
动感英语（215）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   loony tunes????完全疯掉
   例：After the death of his parents,he went totally loony tunes.
   ??????在他父母逝去后他整个人完全疯掉了。
例：The professor is so intelligent that many people think he is actually loony tunes.
   ?????? 教授太聪明了，以致于很多人认为他是个疯子。
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   （1）The guy we're looking for is nuts.（片中）
   nuts?? 疯了（贬义）
   例：Please go away,??you are driving me nuts!
   ?????? 请走开，你要把我逼疯了！
   例：Everyone thought that Lance Armstrong war nuts racing after having cancer.??
   ????????每个人都认为Lance Armstrong在得了癌症后还参加竞赛，他真是疯了。
   （2）This stuff is cutting edge.（片中）
   cutting edge????很前沿、尖端的
   例：The art that we saw at the gallery last weekend was cutting edge.
   ????????上个周末我去艺术馆看的艺术是最前卫的
   例： The technology that we use at this company is cutting edge.
   ????????这个技术在我们公司是最尖端的
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   “Don't let go”??歌曲选自《小马王》
   I can't believe 
   this moment's come
   It's so incredible
   that we're alone
   there's so much to be
   said and done
   It's impossible
   not to be overcome 
动感英语（216）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   something just add up (片中）
   something doesn't add up 百事不得其解
   例：I went thought the entire experiment again and something just doesn't add up.
   我把实验重新又做了一遍，但结果百事不得其解
   Classic film clips??电影对白
   <1> freelance terror (片中)
   freelance 自由职业者
   例：To pay for university, I was a freelance writer for various sports publications.
   在上大学时是自己养活自己供学费，我是一位自由作家给各种各样的刊物写作
   例：While modeling.Henry also did some freelance photography.
   Henry是位模特，还有自由职业是摄影
   <2>It rings a bell 听起来很耳熟，好像在哪听过
   例：This name rings a bell, I may have met here before.
   这个名字听起来很耳熟，可能以前在哪见过
   例：A: Have you ever read"Beloved".
   ????B: "Beloved"? It rings a bell.
   ????你有没有读过一本小说“Beloved”
   ????"Beloved"? 好像在哪听过
   Movie Tunes 原声碟
   “when you're good to Mama”来自《芝加哥》
   Got a little motto
   always sees me through 
   when you're good to Mama
   Mama's good to you

动感英语（217）Action English
   American slang?? 美国俚语
   The beans counters are worried about （片中）
   bean counter??会计
   例：Yes, that's right , I'm a bean counter for the government , every department is always asking me for more money in their budgets
   Classic film clips?? 经典对白
   
   （1）The frequency is jammed??（片中）
   be jammed??卡住了
   例：This door is jammed , I can't get it open.
   ?????? The highway is jammed with cars at rush hour every day.
   （2）Putting all of our eggs in one basket .（片中）
   put all of one's eggs in one basket??孤注一掷
   例： I put all of my eggs in one basket and only applied to one graduate school. 
   ????????You should really keep your options open rather than put all of your eggs in one basket. 
   Movie Tunes 原声碟
   Mister Cellophane 
   If someone stood up in a crowd
And raised his voice up way out loud
And waved his arm
And shook his leg
You'd notice him

If someone in a movie show
Yelled "fire in the second row,
This whole place is a powder keg!"
You'd notice him 

And even without clucking like a hen
Everyone gets noticed, now and then,
Unless, of course, that personage should be
Invisible, inconsequential me!

Cellophane
Mister cellophane
Should have been my name
Mister cellophane
'cause you can look right through me
Walk right by me
And nener know I'm there!

I tell ya
Cellophane
Mister cellophane
Should have been my name
Mister cellophane
'cause you can look right through me
walk right by me
And never know I'm there. . .

Suppose you was a little cat
Residin' in a person's flat
Who fed you fish and scratched your ears?
You'd notice him

Supoose you was a woman wed
And sleepin' in a double bed beside one man for seven years
You'd notice him

A human being's made of more thatn air
With all that bulk, you're bound to see him there

Unless that human bein' next to you
Is unimpressive, undistinguished
You know who. . .

Should've been my name
Mister cellophane
'cause you can look right through me
Walk right by me
And never know I'm there
I tell ya
Cellophane
Mister cellophane
Should have been my name
Mister cellophane
'cause you can look right through me
Walk right by me
And never know I'm there
Never even know
I'm there

[spoken]
I hope I haven't taken up too much of your time.
   赏析：
   “玻璃纸先生” 选自《芝加哥》/ Chicago 

   动感英语（218）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   I'd say you can call off your search.（片中）
   call off????放弃、取消
   例：They call off the football match,because of a severe thunderstorm.
   他们因为暴雨太大了而取消了足球赛

例： Please call off the meeting,I will be late getting back into town.
   把会议取消了，我要晚些赶回城市。
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   （1）You mean like they're after us.（片中）
   be after sb????追赶...，追求....
   例：I think the police car is after us,because we just went through a red light.??
   ??我想警车在追我们，因为我们刚闯了红灯
   例：The government is after your,because you didn't pay your taxes.
   ??政府在追拿你，因为你不纳税
   （2）Tommy squeal on us.（片中）
   squeal on sb?? 举报...，告发...
   例：I don't think anyone will squeal on us if we just take a few of these magazines.
   ??我想如果我们只拿走几本杂志是不会有人举报我们的
   例：Monty did the right thing and squeal on his friend for cheating.
   Monty是对的，他举报了他的朋友因为他考试作弊
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "Razzle Dazzle " 歌曲选自《芝加哥》
   Give'em an act with
   lots of flash in it
   And the reaction will
   be passionate
   Give'em the old hocus pocus.
   passionate??充满热情的
   

动感英语（219）Action English
   American slang??美国俚语 
   That’s right,I’m not about to let you boys have all the fun! （片中） 
   not about to????不准备去做某事，?? 不会让某事发生 
   I’m sorry, I didn’t let go to the party,but I’m not about to let you throw away your career like?? that! 
   I was very angry with him. I wasn’t not about to him treat you like that!
   Classic film clips??经典对白??
   （1）The cannon’s are breaking loose . （片中）
   to break loose ??从你的约束中解脱出来
   In this storm, the ship is about to break loose??from her moorings and be set adrift.
   We’d better get inside quickly, the herd of the buffalo had broken loose!
   （2）Say your prayers, men!（片中）
   Say your prayers 做好准备，糟糕的事将要发生了
   You still haven’t completed your project? Say your prayers then becaust the boss will be back,??????????tomorrow !
   Say your prayers everyone, the avalanche is coming 
   Movie Tunes??原声碟 
   “Addams Family” 
   Now I was cold cooling, you know (放松，冷静 平静)
   Just kickin’ it around the house(同上)
   When a knock knock knock and a voice
   “Yo, can Hammer come out?” （嘿）
   Now I don't mind being a friend
   And showing a little flava （是flavor的俚语[品味]）
   But Wednesday, Pugsky, Gomez, Fester (四个人名)
   Man, them some strange neighbor (Man: 天啊，类似于Oh, my God)(them: they're)
   
   
动感英语（220）Action English
   American slang??美国俚语
   She goes wherever the wind takes her .（片中）
   go wherever the wind takes her 做一些冒险的事情
   例：I don't know what I'll do after I graduate from university , I guess I'll just go wherever 
   the wind takes me .
   ??????That girl has to get serious about her career soon, at the moment , she just goes 
   wherever the wind takes her.
   Classic film clips?? 经典对白
   （1）Quit playing around .（片中）
   quit playing around 停止玩耍，停止胡闹
   例：Your exams are coming soon ,so quit playing around .
   ?????? Quit playing around and be quite !The police will be here soon !
   （2）Have you figure out it yet ?
   figure out??明白...解决....
   例：Last week I assigned you a very difficult problem, Have any of you managed to figure 
   it out ?
   ??????Have you figure out what is wrong with your car ?
   Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
   
   Addam's family whoomp
   赏析：歌曲选自《亚当斯一家》Addam's family 

动感英语（221）Action English
   American Slang?? 美国俚语
   That's it,keep at it , man(片中)
   keep at it 保持住，坚持不懈
   例:I know training is very hard, but you keep at it and you will be rewarded.
   ????我知道训练非常难苦，但别放弃你会觉得很值得的
   例：There were losing the game but they kept at it and came back to win in the end.
   ????刚开始比赛没进展，但后来因坚持不懈最终还是取得了胜利
   Classic Movie Clips 经典对白
   <1>How to make the most of it.(片中)
   ?? to make the most ot it??在逆境中尽量做到最好
   例：I know you were expecting something better, but you must learn to make the most of it.
   我知道你期待比这个更好，你应学会在逆境中做到最好
   例：The weather was really bad, but I made the most of my holiday any way.
   ????天气真的是很糟糕，我还是把这个假期过得不错
   <2> you think that only because you don't know any better.(片中)
   ?? not to know any better 没有经验或不懂事而做不应做的事
   例：He is just a kid, he did't know any better.
   ????他只是个孩子，他并不懂事
   例：That was a very bad thing to have done, you should have know any better.
   ????这是一个非常不好的事情，你应该明白的
   Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
   "Suddenly Seymour" 来自《绿豆先生》
   Suddenly Seymour
Lift up your head
Wash off your mascara
Here, take my Kleenex
Wipe that lipstick away
Show me your face 
Clean as the morning
I know things were bad
But now they're okay

Suddenly Seymour 
Is standing beside you
You don't need no makeup
Don't have to pretend
Suddenly Seymour
Is here to provide you
Sweet understanding
Seymour's your friend
动感英语（222）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   If you go out there, you’ll be turning your back on your own people.（片中）
   to turn your back on 背叛、遗弃
例：You can’t turn your back on your friends at our company and join our rivals!
   ?????? 在公司你不能背叛你的朋友，加入敌对那方
例： When he married that woman, he turned his back on all of us.
   ?????? 当他和那个女的结婚后，他抛弃了我们所有人

Classic film clips 经典对白

??<1> You have to come with me and talk to my father.???? But talking is not going to do any good. (片中)
   
Talking isn’t going to help 交谈是解决不了问题的
例： Talking isn’t going to help us. It’s far too late for that now.
   ????????谈话已经不能帮助我们解决问题了，已经太晚了
例：??I am really angry with you and talking isn’t going to help at all.
???????? 我真的对你生气，我们再谈也没意义了
<2>Easy, Percy. 
   easy 放轻松、别生气
例： Easy there, I am sure he didn’t mean to insult you.
   ???????? 别生气，我确定他没有要伤害你的意思
例： Take it easy. It was just an accident.
   ???????? 别生气，这只是个小小的误会

Movie Tunes??原声碟
   “Tomorrow Never Dies”来自《007-明日帝国》

Darling I'm kill 
I'm in puddle on the floor 
Waiting for you to return 
Oh what a trill 
Vacillations good lord 
How to tease 
How you leave me to burn 
It's so deadly my dear 
The power of wanting you near 

动感英语（223）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   strong point 长项 强项
   例：Talking corner kicks is definitely David beckhame strong point.
   ????角球无疑是大卫贝克汉姆的强项
   例：I hate numbers. math is not my strong point.
   ????我讨厌数字，数字不是我的强项
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   <1> resent 憎恨 不喜欢
   例：I resent being treated like a kid.
   ????我讨厌被别人当小孩看
   例：I resent the fact that I wasn't invited to the dinner last night.
   ????昨晚我没有被邀请去吃饭，我憎恨这个事实
   <2> reach your potential 潜力全开??竭尽全力
   例：My injury meant I was never able to reach my potential as a sportman.
   ????我再怎么努力调用全力也不可能成为一位运动员
   例：He works very hard to make sure he always reaches his potential.
   ????他工作非常玩命，他是要确保潜力全开去做事
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "The Virginia Company" <<风中奇缘>>
   On the beaches of virginny
   there's diamonds like debris
动感英能（224）Action English
American Slang
―??????Good morning, boys. Oops. Sorry, I am so late.
―??????Well, that’s fine. We only just got here.
―??????45 minutes ago.
―??????Mm. Howie, are these your kids? You know, I’ve never actually met them. They’re good-looking boys, huh?
―??????Well, that’s a girl. That’s Sue… and Paul.
―??????Oh. Yep. So it is. You know what? She is gonna be a heartbreaker, huh? Hmm? Hmm?
―??????That’s, um, Paul.
―??????Yeah.
―??????Mm. Sorry.
heartbreaker 万人迷
e.g. 1) They have a very beautiful daughter, who will be a heartbreaker one day.
?????? 2) He has a lot of girlfriends and is a bit of a heartbreaker.

Classic Flim Clips
―??????I don’t understand. What is wrong with me?
―??????At the moment, huge quantities of alcohol.
―??????I don’t know. I just seem to drive men away. There’s Ansel. There’s Billy from Legal Aid, who ran off with a stripper.
―??????Don’t forget Gary from the Peace Corps, who married his trainer.
―??????Ah, Gary. Yes. Ah, what is wrong with me? I want to know. You are sort of a man… Oh…
―??????Ya all right?
―??????Yep, I’m good. So tell me, tell me what’s the matter with me?
―??????Well, you can be somewhat intimidating. You know, you could loosen up a little, get in touch with your feminine side.
―??????Okay. That’s a good suggestion.
―??????Perhaps soften your appearance. Not that I don’t love that look, but you know, you could get dolled up occasionally.
―??????I’m not gonna spend hours fluffing my hair and applying animal-tested makeup to my face, just so I can turn myself into some male fantasy degrading Kewpie doll, you know, unless I really like the guy or something.
―??????Well, you see, maybe that’s the problem. You don’t like these guys. You drive them away because you realize, deep down, they’re wrong for you.
―??????They’re not wrong for me. We have all the same political goals and ideals, all of them, which I guess isn’t very romantic, but...
―??????Whoa, whoa.
―??????But what can I say? I’m fine. What can I say? I’m just not a romantic person. Never felt that way about anybody. Nope. No.
get dolled up （女人）梳妆打扮
e.g. 1) We’re always running late for parties as my girlfriend takes forever to get dolled up.
?????? 2) She’s busy getting dolled up for the big ball tonight at the embassy.
drive sb. away 把某人赶出（自己的）生活、推出、驱逐
e.g. 1) He gossips so much that he drives away all his friends.
?????? 2) She’s so focused on her career that she’s always driving people away.

Movie Tunes
Pocahontas lyrics
Cartoon "Pocahontas" soundtrack lyrics 
lyrics,
Steady As The Beating Drum lyrics 
[Native Americans]
Hega hega yam-pi-ye-hega
Yam-pi-ye-he-he hega
Hega hega yam-pi-ye-hega
Yam-pi-ye-he-he hega
Steady as the beating drum
Singing to the cedar flute
Seasons come and seasons go
Bring the corn and bear the fruit
By the waters sweet and clean
Where the mighty serpent lives
Plant the squash and reap the bean
All the earth our mother gives
O Great Spirit, hear our song
Help us keep the ancient ways
Keep the sacred fire strong
Walk in balance all our days
Seasons come and seasons go
Steady as the beating drum
Plum to seed to bud to plum
(Hega hega yam-pi-ye hega)
Steady as the beating drum
Hega hega yam-pi-ye-hega
Yam-pi-ye-he-he hega
动感英语（225）Action English
   American Slang
   ―??????Good morning. 
   ―??????Okay, not so loud. We didn’t… Last… We didn’t… 
   ―??????It was a very magical night. You made sounds I’ve never heard a woman make before. 
   ―??????We… We didn’t… 
   ―??????Well, not physically, but spiritually, you were the best I’ve ever had. 
   ―??????Oh. Whatever I did or didn’t or said or didn’t say, it was all a little mistake. 
   ―??????Well, nothing happened. 
   ―??????That’s a relief. 
   ―??????All right. Well, I’m very busy. I have work to do. You just stay there and relax. 
   ―??????Okay. I’ll see you later. 
   relief 如释重负的感觉、痛苦/忧虑 减轻/解除 
   e.g. 1) It was such a relief that our exam was postponed.
   ?????? 2) When Manchester scored a goal in the last minute, it was a relief for all their fans.
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   ―??????Hello, Howard. 
   ―??????George, I just received new estimates on Island Towers. Costs are skyrocketing. It will be cheaper to just knock down the community center. 
   ―??????What are you talking about? We only got the job because we said we’d keep the center. 
   ―??????We said we intended to keep the center. 
   ―??????No, wait. You can’t. This is nonsense. You can’t just decide unilaterally. I’m coming over. 
   ―??????George, I want to take a nap before the benefit. It’s all very *. 
   ―??????Why can’t we just build the towers over the community center? 
   ―??????Because it will eat away our profits. There’s to be a groundbreaking ceremony at Coney Island with our friend Assemblyman Perez. All I need is one of your charming speeches. 
   ―??????Well, you’re not gonna get one. 
   ―??????I need you there. 
   ―??????I have to consult my schedule. 
   ―??????No, you won’t, George. It’s your job. You are the public face of the company. They don’t want to see me. 
   ―??????I can’t for the life of me think why not. You’re magnificent. Look, whatever we lose on this deal, I’m in for half. 
   ―??????You’ll be in for nothing at the rate you’re going. Expensive divorces, poolside parties at the hotel for 1000 people including fireworks and a performance by Sting. 
   ―??????That was one special night. It was Wendy―the concierge’s farewell bash and a very good party if I say so myself. 
   the public face of …的代言人 
   e.g. 1) Bono often appears as the public face of his band―U2. 
   ?????? 2) Working as the public face of the company often means having to answer tons of questions from journalists. 
   for the life of me 打死我也办不到（某事）〔置于can’t和do之间〕 
   e.g. 1) I can’t for the life of me do maths/algebra.
   ?????? 2) I was very lost and couldn’t for the life of me find the restaurant last night.
动感英语（226）Action English
   American Slang
   ATTENTION!
   homey: 家庭似的，舒适的，自在的 (e.g. a homey little inn )
   homely: 家常的，朴实的 (e.g. a homely meal 家常便饭)
   ―??????Hmmm. Gorgeous. 
   ―??????Yeah. Well, I know it’s a bit weird living in a hotel, but it somehow has a very homey feel. Would you like something from the minibar? 
   ―??????Maybe a beer. 
   ―??????Right. 
   homey feel 家庭似的感觉 
   e.g. 1) His apartment is cold and bare and not very homey. 
   ?????? 2) I like that restaurant, because it has a homey feel. 
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   ―??????What was that? 
   ―??????Your girlfriend wouldn’t give me back my stapler. Part of a new office supply strip search. 
   ―??????Your stapler? 
   ―??????Are you still planning on knocking down the community center? 
   ―??????Listen, I know you’re upset about last night. 
   ―??????Are you still planning on knocking down the community center? 
   ―??????I’ve been trying to call you… 
   ―??????Are you still planning on knocking down the community center? 
   ―??????What is wrong with you? Are you incapable of talking about anything to do with your own life? 
   ―??????Are you still planning on knocking down the community center? 
   ―??????All right. Let me remind you. You came to the hotel. I was with June. We were unusually dressed. You must… You must have some feelings. 
   ―??????I don’t have to listen to this. 
   ―??????Oh. God. This is ridiculous. 
   ―??????You know what, where do you come off? Where do you come off? Believe it or not, I didn’t take this job, so I could sleep with you. I took this job for a cause. 
   ―??????You are a cause! You make Gandhi look like a used-car salesman. 
   ―??????My God. You know what I can’t believe? How easy you are being on yourself! Why don’t we go over this again, ok? You promised me a community center… 
   ―??????Yes! I promised, I promised, I promised! I’m sorry. You know, I can’t control the economy. I can’t control my brother. I did promise and I did let you down. I’m sorry. But you know what, I’m human. And I think you’ll find a lot of people are! 
   ―??????I am human, too. 
   ―??????Are you? Because you’re too perfect, you’re too wonderful. None of us can keep up with you. You know, that’s probably why all those other guys bolted as fast as their Birkenstocks could carry them, coz you are intolerable. No one wants to be preached to. No one wants to live with a saint. Saints are boring. 
   come off 停手、罢休 
   e.g. 1) He’s always rude to me. He just won’t come off. 
   ?????? 2) Where does she come off telling me I’m smart all the time? 
   be easy on sb. 对某人要求不高、比较宽松??←→??be strict with sb. 
   e.g. 1) His parents are easy on Li Ming, he can do whatever he likes.
   ?????? 2) Our teacher is never easy on us.
   
   Movie Tunes
[Pocahontas]
What I love most about rivers is:
You can't step in the same river twice
The water's always changing, always flowing
But people, I guess, can't live like that
We all must pay a price
To be safe, we lose our chance of ever knowing
What's around the riverbend
Waiting just around the riverbend

I look once more
Just around the riverbend
Beyond the shore
Where the gulls fly free
Don't know what for
What I dream the day might send
Jut around the riverbend
For me
Coming for me

I feel it there beyond those trees
Or right behind these waterfalls
Can I ignore that sound of distant drumming
For a handsome sturdy husband
Who builds handsome sturdy walls
And never dreams that something might be coming?
Just around the riverbend
Just around the riverbend

I look once more
Just around the riverbend
Beyond the shore
Somewhere past the sea
Don't know what for ...
Why do all my dreams extend
Just around the riverbend?
Just around the riverbend ...

Should I choose the smoothest curve
Steady as the beating drum?
Should I marry Kocoum?
Is all my dreaming at an end?
Or do you still wait for me, Dream Giver
Just around the riverbend?
动感英语（227）Action English
   American Slang
   ―??????I want a car. Chicks dig the car. 
   ―??????That’s why Superman works alone. 
   dig 喜欢、中意 
   e.g. 1) Paul, I dig your new haircut.
   ?????? 2) John’s taking his girlfriend to a Korean restaurant for their anniversary, because his girlfriend really digs Korean food.
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   ―??????Do try and bring this one back in one piece, sir! 
   ―??????Don’t wait up, Al. 
   ―??????I’ll cancel the pizzas. 
   in one piece 完好无损、完整 
   e.g. 1) You can borrow my DVD as long as you bring it back in one piece. 
   ?????? 2) Please be careful when you go rock climbing, because I want you back in one piece. 
   wait up 熬夜/不睡等人 
   e.g. 1) I’ll be home late tonight, so don’t wait up for me. 
   ?????? 2) My mother always waits up, because she worries about me.
   ?????? 3) I’ll probably be home late tonight, so don’t wait up for me.
   
   Movie Tunes
   You belong to my heart
Now and forever
And our love had its start
Not long ago

We were gathering stars while a million guitars played our love song
When I said "I love you", every beat of my heart said it, too

'twas a moment like this
Do you remember?
And your eyes threw a kiss
When they met mine 
   Now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing
Darling, you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart



'twas a moment like this
Do you remember?
And your eyes threw a kiss
When they met mine

Now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing
Darling, you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart 

动感英语（228）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语
   I must have dozed off （片中）
   dozed off?? 睡觉，睡一会儿
   例：I was so tired yesterday that I dozed off in class.
   ?????? 昨天我太累了，可别在上课时睡觉了
   例：My grandfather always dozes off after lunch.
   ??????我的祖父经常在饭后睡一觉
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   <1>And step on it?(片中)
   step on it 快一点，加点速
   例：Could you step on it? I'm late for my flight.
   ?????? 你能快一点吗？我的飞机要赶不上了
   <2>Are you going to tie the knot (片中)
   tie the knot 结婚
   例：My mother really wants grandchildren so she keeps trying to get my brother and his girlfriend to tie the knot.
   ??????我的母亲真的很想抱孙子，因此她用各种方法让我的哥哥和他的女友结婚
   例：A:??Hey.Jack, are you and Jill going to tie the knot soon?
   ????????嗨，Jack, 你是不是马上要与Jill结婚了？
   ??????B:No way! I've only know her for one month.
   ??????怎么可能，我只认识她一个月
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "I'm wishing" 选自<<白雪公主>>
   Make a wish into the well
   That's all you have to do 
   And if you hear it echoing 回音
   Your wish will soon come true……

动感英语（229）Action English 

American slang 美国俚语
I'm sick of it!(片中)
sick of it 烦了
例：You've been practcing piano a day! Aren't you sick of it?
????你已经练了一整天的琴了，你烦不烦？
例：My sister is always bossing me around. I'm sick of it.
????我的姐姐总是对我呼来唤去的，我真的烦透了。
Classic film clips 经典对白
<1> I found a fellow. Who strike my fancy.(片中)
????strike sb's fancy 合…口味，打动…的心
例：There are a lot of nice guys at this party. Do any of then strike your fancy.
????在这个派队上有很多很棒的男孩，哪个打动了你的心。
例：Nothing at this store strikes my fancy. Let's go to a different one.
????这家店的东西不合我的口味，我们换一家吧
<2> no question 毫无疑问
例：Dan is great singer. No question.
????Dan是个很棒的歌手，毫无疑问
例：Choolate ice cream is my favorite dessert. No question.
????巧克力冰淇淋是我最喜欢的甜点，毫无疑问
Movie Tunes??原声碟
"the three caballero" 选自《三剑客》
oh,baiyaya （西班牙语）
when twilight is seen
???? 清晨的阳光
in the sky……

动感英语（230）Action English
   
American slang 美国俚语
   Enough sweet talk 甜言蜜语，花言巧语
   例：Watch out for Rob. He's always using sweet talk to try to get date.
   ?? 要小心Rob,他总是利用甜言蜜语来得到一次约会的机会
   例：The salesman sweet talked me into buying the newest cell phone.
   ?? 推销员利用甜言蜜语让我买最新的手机
   Classic film clips 经典对白
   <1> You're not thinking straight.(片中)
   ????not thinking straight 大脑不清醒
   例：Don't drive your car now ,because you've had too much to drink and you're not thinking straight.
   ????千万别开车，因为你喝了太多的酒头脑不清醒
   例：A: Why is Bob wearing a T-shirt in the middle of January?
   ????为什么Bob在一月中旬穿一件T恤衫
   ????B: I don't know. Maybe because he's not thinking straight.
   ????我不知道，也许因为他的头脑不清醒
   <2> the man（person） of the hour 焦点人物
   例：Everyone except the woman of the hour is at the birthday party. Where is she?
   ????除了焦点人物外每个人都已经在生日派队了，她在哪？
   例：When Maxtrix Revolution was on all over the world, K Reeves became the man of the hour.
   ????当黑客帝国完结3在全国上映后，基努.李维斯成为了焦点人物。
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "Mexico"
   Through a sky filled with laughter 
   that's ahere I found you
   your magic smile make.
   tht blossoms bloom around you……
   
动感英语（231）Action English
   
   American slang 美国俚语 
   We came to you in good faith.（片中） 
   in good faith??诚信 ，信用 
   例：That company they didn’t act in good faith, they cheated us. 
   ????那家公司他们做事不讲诚信，他们骗了我们 
   Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1> You don’t have the look of traiter (片中) 
   have the look of?? （看起来）有……的像 
   例：He didn't have the look of basketball player, he's too short. 
   ????他看起来不像打篮球的，他太矮了 
   <2>He’ll vouch for me. (片中) 
   Vouch 支持 ， 为……作担保
   例：When I moved into my new apartment. I got my bank to vouch that I could pay my rent. 
   ?? ?? 当我搬进我的新公寓，我让银行担保我能付清房租 
   
Movie Tunes??原声碟 
   "Is she really going out with him" 
   Is she really going out with him? 
   Is she really gonna take him 
   home tonight……
动感英语（232）Action English
   
   American slang 美国俚语 
   You seem to have faller on difficult times yourself.(片中)
   fall on difficult times??经济出现问题，没钱手头上很紧
   例：After he lost his job,??he began to fall on difficult times.
   ?????? 他又把工作丢了，他开始陷入经济问题
   例：The country fell on difficult times during its civil war.
   ?????? 国家在内战期间经济陷入困境
   Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1> You were happy in your ignorance.(片中) 
   ?????? one's ignorance of 无知
   例：Because of his ignorance of driving rules he went through a red light.
   ?????? 因为他对交通规则的无知，他闯了红灯
   <2> Don't flatter yourself.(片中)
   ???? flatter someone 拍……马屁，讨好……，吹捧
   例：She flatters herself that she's very beautiful, but I don't like her that much.
   ?????? 她自认为非常漂亮，但我并不认同
   Movie Tunes??原声碟 
   "let her go into the darkness"选自《我为玛丽狂》 
   You're jealous of the time 
   that he spends with her 
   just let go into the 
   darkness……

动感英语（233）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语 
   I was under the impression that I was digging toward the outer wall.(片中) 
   under the impression/have an impression 原以为是……，但结果证明是错的 
   例：I was under the impression that Shanghai was very close to Beijing, but actually it's about two hours by air. 
   ????我原以为上海离北京很近，但是飞机也要二小时 
   Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1> My quest for vengeance……
   ????????quest 长途拔涉
   例：I had to go on a real quest to buy milk, nothing is open at this time of night.
   ????晚上这个时候什么商店都关了，但我不得不走一趟大老远的去买牛奶
   <2> Why would he go through that charade.(片中)
   charade 假象
   例：The story about him having a car was just a charade. He only wanted to impress us he uses a bike.
   ????关于那个故事他有辆车那是假象，他只是想要人记住，其实是骑自行车
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "Build me up buttercup"
   I'll be over at ten
   you told me time and
   again but you're late
   I wait around ……

动感英语（234）Action English
   American Slang
   I swore an oath. I will protect you. 
   swear an oath 发誓 
   e.g. 1) In court you have to swear an oath that you will tell the truth.
   ?????? 2) In Britain the army swears an oath of allegiance to the Queen.
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   Well, aren’t you a piece of work? 
   a piece of work 阴/危险人物 
   e.g. She’s really a piece of work, she gossips about all her friends behind their backs. 
   You did please me some of the time. 
   please sb. 让人高兴/满意/心悦诚服
   e.g. The restaurant really pleased me, both the food and the service are excellent.
   
   Movie Tunes
   There's Something About Mary
   His friends say stop whining, 
they've had enough of that. 
His friends would say stop pining, 
there's others girls to look at. 

They've tried to set him up with Tiffany and Indigo, 
but there's something about Mary that they don't know. 

Mary, there's just something about Mary. 

Well, his friends say, look life's no fairy tale, 
that he should have some fun, he's suffered long enough. 
Well, they may now about domestic and imported ale, 
but they don't know a thing about love. 

Well, his friends would say he's dreaming 
and living in the past, 
but they've never fallen in love, 
so his friends need not be asked. 

His friends would say be reasonable, 
his friends would say just let go, 
but there's something about Mary that they don't know. 

Mary, there's just something about Mary. 

动感英语（235）Action English
   
   American slang 美国俚语 ――选自《国家公敌》
   The place is under surveillance.(片中)
   to be under surveillance??监控，监视
   例：After the surgery, he dad to be under constant surveillance.
   Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1>It lifts a huge weight off of my shoulders.(片中)
   lift a weight off of someone's shoulders??如释重负
   例：After the exam, it was as if a huge weight was lifted off of my shoulders.
   <2>My clients want to vote their contract up or down, as they sees fit, without shall we say, any outside influences.(片中)
   as one sees fit??随心所欲（按照自己的意愿行事）
   例：I will make my choices as see fit.
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "the world is not enough" 选自《007》
   I know when to talk
   I know when to touch
   no one ever died
   from wanting too much
   the world is not enough
   but it is such a perfect place to??start……

动感英语（236）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语 ――选自《国家公敌》
   A guy on a bike got creamed.(片中)
   get creamed??遭重创，受重挫
   例：Our team got creamed in the semi-finds so we didn't win a trophy.
   ???????? 我们队在半决赛时遭到重创，所以我们赢不到奖牌
   例：The economy got absolutely creamed after the financial crisis.
   ???????? 在金融危机过后，国家的经济遭到重创
   
Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1> In your dreams??没戏，做梦（贬义）
   例：When I asked my father if I could borrow the new car, he peplied "In your dreams"
   ????????当我问我爸说能不能借新车来开，他说“做梦”
   例：You think you can beat the other team? In your dreams!
   ???????? 你觉得你可以把那队打败吗？那不可能！
   <2> Do you want your phone tapped?
   ???? ??tap 窃听
   例：The spies tapped the phones of the suspect's home.
   ????????间谍们对他们家里的电话窃听
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   "All Time High"选自《007》
   all I wanted was a sweet distration
   for an hour or two 
   had no intention to do 
   the things we've done……

动感英语（237）Action English
   American slang 美国俚语 
   out of hand??失控 
   例：Because they were drinking while playing cards,??eventually the entire game got out of hand. 
   ?????? 因为他们一边打牌一边喝着酒，最后整个游戏场面都失控了 
   例：The small child was completely out of hand at the event, embarrassin his parents. 
   ??????小孩在活动上彻底失控了，让他们的父母非常尴尬 
   Classic film clips 经典对白 
   <1>He shed the sensors.(片中)
   shed something??去除掉，摆脱，脱落
   例：My cat sheds his fur all over my apartment.
   ????????我的猫掉毛弄得我的公寓全都是毛
   例：He worked hard to shed his reputation of being lazy.
   ????????他真的是很努力的工作，为了摆脱他一贯很懒的名声
   <2> Do you think we're being set up?(片中)
   to be set up??被陷害，中圈套，陷井
   例：He lost all of his money in a card game, then he realized he was set up.
   ?????? 他在一次玩牌过程中把所有的钱都输掉了，之后才意识到他中了圈套
   例：The whole thing was a set-up,??everyone involved told lies and made up stories.
   ????????整个这件事是个圈套，每件跟这事有关的人都在编故事
   Movie Tunes??原声碟
   “with a smile and a song”选自《白雪公主》
   life is ujst like a bright
   sunny day
   your care fade away??随着时间的流逝
   And your heart is young
   With a smile and a song
   All the world seems to 
   waken anew Rejoicing with you
   As the song is sung……

动感英语（238）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 选自影片《国家公敌》
   When I put my foot down, that's it.（片中）
   put one's foot down 下定决心做某事
   例：After too many times being late to classes, the teacher put his foot down and began to take strict attendance.
   ????在上课迟到了很多次以后，老师下决心再也不迟到要准时上课
   例：Father put his foot down and said no more computer games until my grades improved.
   ????爸爸最终下定决心不让我玩电脑游戏，直到我把成绩提高
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
   <1>You're just a party animal.(片中)
   party animail 热衷参加聚会的人
   例：He was a real party animal in college, but that didn't help him to find a job after he graduated.
   ?? 他在学校里真的太喜欢参加聚会了，但这些并没有帮助他毕业后找到工作
   例：Even though he was an elected official, he continued his party animal habits.
   ????尽管他也是一个选举的官员，但他依然坚持参加各种聚会的习惯
   <1>The government's been in bed with the entire……(片中)
   be in bed with??串通一气
   例：The political party always seems to be in bed with the labor unions, getting all of their votes in each elections.
   ????政党总是愿意平常和劳工的困体串通在一起，在每次竞选活动中拉取他们的选票
   MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
   “ONE SONG”
   one song
   I have but one song
   one heart tenderly beating
   ever entreating 请求，渴望
   constant??持久的 and true one love

动感英语（239）Action English
   
   AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
   a whole new ballgame 指现在的情况与以前完全不一样
   例：High school was fun but university was a whole new ballgame.
   ????中学时候的生活还是很有趣，但到了大学就完全不一样了
   例：I have a lot of work experiences in America, but working in China is a whole new ballgame.
   ????我在美国有丰富的工作经验，但在中国工作却派不上用处
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
   <1>Doyou think I was wrong to run that drill.(片中)
   run a drill 演练
   例：After 9.11, many companies ran drills in their offices to prepare for such an emergency.
   ????在9.11事件后，很多公司都开始在他们办公室内演练如何应对紧急情况发生
   <2>I would have see to it first.(片中)
   see to it??确保某事完成
   例：If you do the washing up, I'll see to the baby.
   ????如果你去洗盘子，我就去看住小孩
   例： Summer, please see to it that these letters are in the post today.
   ???? Summer,请今天把那些信邮递出去
   MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
   ''Mine,Mine,Mine ''??????????《风中奇缘》插曲
   All of my life, I have searched 
   for a land like this one
A wilder, more challenging country ……
动感英语（240）Action English
   
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
   I lost my head, sir.（片中）
   lose one's head 失控，失态（生气）
   例： After hours of barking, I lost my head and put the dog out of the house.
   ????????狗一直叫了好几个小时，我实在忍不住于是把它赶出了屋子
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
   <1> He's getting close, but I don't think he's spotted us.(片中)
   spot n.一个点；v.认出，识别出（人海茫茫中）
   例： Mum spotted you in the middle of the crowds of people getting off of the plane.
   ????????妈妈在机场人海中一眼就认出我了
   例：Ehtelyn spotted a flaw in the design and we had to take it apart and start again.
   ??????Ehtelyn依然看得出这设计有问题，于是我们不得不重新拆开重新做

<2>We're gonna take her out.(片中)
   take out??打败谁??毁灭谁
   例：We’re gonna take out the other team at the game tonight!
   ??????我们在今晚要去打败那只队伍
   
   MOVIE TUNES 原声碟

"The colors of the wind"?? From <风中奇缘>
   You think you own 
   whatever land you land on
   The earth is just a dead thing you can claim.
   But I know every rock and tree and creature has a life……
   

241 Action English （8.26 动感英语笔记）
   American Slang
   You’re way out of your league, Hunter. You’re not ready to make tough decisions yet. 
   out of one’s league 力不从心、招架不住 
   e.g. 1) I can plan parties and weddings, but an international convention is out of my league.
   ?????? 2) Learning French id easy, but Korean is out of my league.
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   You can’t be influenced by the captain or anybody else, you gotta make up your own mind. 
   make up one’s mind 作决定、下决心 
   e.g. 1) Please make up your mind about which way we should go, so we can start driving. 
   ?????? 2) I can’t make up my mind whether to wear the black pants or the blue ones to the party. 
   It’s up to you. 
   up to you 你（自己）作决定
   e.g. It’s up to you what film we see tonight.
   
   Movie Tunes
   Artist: Pocahontas 
Song Title: Savages (Part 1) 
Album: 
[B u y " " CD] 

[Ratcliffe]
What can you expect
From filthy little heathens?
Here's what you get when the races are diverse
Their skin's a hellish red
They're only good when dead
They're vermin, as I said
And worse
[English Settlers]
They're savages! Savages!
[Ratcliffe]
Barely even human
[English Settlers]
Savages! Savages!
[Ratcliffe]
Drive them from our shore!
They're not like you and me
Which means they must be evil
We must sound the drums of war!
[English Settlers]
They're savages! Savages!
Dirty redskin devils!
Now we sound the drums of war!
[Powhatan]
This is what we feared
The paleface is a demon
The only thing they feel at all is greed
[Kekata]
Beneath that milky hide
There's emptiness inside
[Native Americans]
I wonder if they even bleed

They're savages! Savages!
Barely even human
Savages! Savages!
[Powhatan]
Killers at the core
[Kekata]
They're different from us
Which means they can't be trusted
[Powhatan]
We must sound the drums of war
[Native Americans]
They're savages! Savages!
First we deal with this one
[All]
Then we sound the drums of war
[English Settlers]
Savages! Savages!
[Ben]
Let's go kill a few, men!
[Native Americans]
Savages! Savages!
[Ratcliffe]
Now it's up to you, men!
[All]
Savages! Savages!
Barely even human!
Now we sound the drums of war! 
242 Action English （8.27动英笔记
   American Slang
   Reporting live from the French aircraft carrier Foch in the Mediterranean Sea, this is Richard Valitarini for CNN. 
   live 现场的、纪实的 
   e.g. 1) Jay Chou had a live online interview last night.
   ?????? 2) I’m nervous because this will be my first live show, so I cannot make any mistakes.
   
   Classic Flim Clips
   My primary concern here is the breakdown in the system. 
   primary concern 最关心的（问题是… …） 
   e.g. 1) In this case, our primary concern is wealth or health?（屏幕上显示的） 
   ?????? 2) In this case, my primary concern should be the safety, not the money.（Duren讲的） 
   But insofar as the letter of the law is concerned … 
   the letter of the law (an exaggerative way to say THE LAW) 法律 
   e.g. 1) According to the letter of the law, a police officer in California can pull you over for not wearing your seatbelt.
   ?????? 2) I don’t wanna do this, but as far as the letter of the law is concerned, I have to arrest you.
   
   Movie Tunes
   Artist: Pocahontas 
Song Title: If I Never Knew You (End Title) 
Album: 
[B u y " " CD] 

If I never knew you, if I never felt this love
I would have no inkling of how precious life can be
And if I never held you, I would never have a clue
How at last I'd find in you the missing part of me

In this world so full of fear, full of rage and lies
I can see the truth so clear in your eyes, so dry your eyes
And I'm so grateful to you, I'd have lived my whole life through
Lost forever if I never knew you

If I never knew you I'd be safe, but half as real
Never knowing I could feel a love so strong and true
I'm so grateful to you, I'd have lived my whole life through
Lost forever if I never knew you

I thought our love would be so beautiful
Somehow we made the whole world bright
I never knew that fear and hate could be so strong
All they'd leave us were these whispers in the night
But still my heart is singing we were right

If I never knew you
There's no moment I regret
If I never knew the love
Since the moment that we met
I would have no inkling of
If our time has gone too fast
How precious life can be
I've lived at last

I thought our love would be so beautiful
Somehow we'd make the whole world bright
I thought our love would be so beautiful
We'd turn the darkness into light
And still my heart is singing we were right
We were right

And If I never knew you, if I never knew you
I'd have lived my whole life through
Empty as the sky
Never knowing why, lost forever
If I never knew you 
动感英语（243）Action English
American slang??美国俚语
Hey, Keep chilling （片中）
chill ??放松
例：Chill ! Don't worry so much about your job !
Classic film clips?? 经典对白????“低俗小说”
（1）That hit the spot （片中）
hit the spot??及时雨，刚刚好
例：That nap really hit the spot , I have so much more energy now.
（2）Did I break your concentration .（片中）
break??短暂的打扰
break one's concentration??打扰...的注意力
例：My dog always wants attention , she breaks my concentration when I 'm trying to watch Tv.
Movie Tunes??原声碟
True Love Is Not Nice 
Well it hurts from the 
bottom and it hurts 
down to your soul
That's because true 
love is not nice and
it brings up hurt 
from when I was five years old 
赏析：歌曲“真爱并不美好”选自〈我为玛丽狂〉
动感英语（244）Action English

   1, American slang??美国俚语?? 
   No kidding ? I don't know that .（片中）
   no kidding??别开玩笑 
   例：You got a tattoo again???No kidding !
   ?????? A：I will quit my job tomorrow.
   ?????? B：No kidding! why ?
   Classic film clips??经典对白???? “低俗小说”
   （1）She must have the night off or something.（片中）
   off ??没上班 ，休假 
   例：A：I didn't see you at the office yesterday .
   ?????? B：I had the day off .
   （2）mindless, boring - gettin' to know you chit-chat .（片中）
   chit - chat 闲聊 
   例：A：What did you talk about with Evelyn?
   ?????? B：Nothing special, just chit-chat.
   ?????? I like to have meaningful conversations. Chit-chat is kind of boring .
   Movie Tunes?? 原声碟
   More Today Than Yesterday
   Everytime I kiss your 
   lips , my mind starts
   to wonder and if all
   my dreams come true
   I'll be spending time
   with you I love you 
   more today than yesterday .
   赏析：歌曲 “明天会更好”选自《呆呆向前冲》The Waterboy

动感英语（245）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG??美国俚语 ?? 《 低俗小说》
   She's OD-in'????? （片中）
   O.D ??过多/过量的服毒，吸毒
   例：Several rock stars have OD'd on heroin and died. 
   ????????有几位摇滚巨星死于过多的服用 海洛因
   例：I had to take my friend to the hospital last night because she OD'd.
   ???????? 我有一个朋友她服药过多，昨晚我把她送去了医院
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS?? 经典对白
   <1>hurry up , We're losing her .（片中）
   lose??死，离去
   例：I feel so sorry for Ben, He lost his grandpa a few days ago.
   ???????? 我很同情Ben，几天前他的爷爷离开了人世
   例：I almost lost my best friend in a car accident , Luckily , she recovered from her injuries .
   ???????? 一起车祸差点失去了我最好的朋友，好在幸运，她又康复了
   <2>She's supposed to come out of it like that （片中）
   come out of?? 脱离局面，摆脱处境
   例：Kevin was in a coma for a long time , He just came out of it last week.
   ???????? Kevin昏迷已经委久了，上个礼拜他醒过来了
   MOIVE TUNES??原声碟
   New Year's Eve
   Holding a glass of 
   champagne
   everyone having fun 
   Trying to get out of 
   the rain ……

动感英语（246）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG??美国俚语???? <<低俗小说>>
   Knock it off , Julie .（片中）
   knock it off?? 住手，停下
   例：Your music is too loud , I can't hear myself think knock it off.
   ??????你的音乐太大声，我连自己想什么都不知道，停下来！
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS??经典对白 
   <1>I don't like people barking orders at me . （片中）
   bark 大嚷，大叫
   例：I never want to be in the Army , The people there always bark commands at me.
   ??????我不愿去参军，那里每个人都大喊大叫对我发号施令
   例：The student was so angry that he barked out an insult at the teacher.
   ???? 这位学生太生气了，他对老师大喊大叫并进行污辱性攻击
   <2>come again ? （片中）
   come again???? （没听明白）再讲一次
   例：A：Can you give me Jessica's phone number ？
   ?????????? 能不能给我Jessica的电话号码
   例：B：Come again ???I didn't hear you , The reception on my phone is terrible .
   ?????????? 再讲一次？ 我听不到你，我电话的信号不好
   MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
   "Sway " 选自《黑暗城市》
   When the rumba rhythm
   start to play 
   Dance with me, make me ……
动感英语（247）Action English
   AMERICAN??SLANG??美国俚语?????? 
   《 魔鬼交易》
   That was way below the belt??. （片中）
   below the belt?? 出言不逊 
   例：What he said about Tom's mother was way below the belt .
   ??????他所评价汤姆*这些话太出言不逊了
   例：Even when you are angry , you should never say anything that hits below the belt.
   ??????就算你很生气，你也不应该口不择言的说一些出言不逊的话
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS??经典对白
   <1>Will you take me on a trip ??? just me and you alone.（片中）
   a trip?? 旅行
   例：We're going on a trip to Paris in the spring .
   ????????春天我们要去巴黎旅行
   例：Bob is not back from his trip to ShenZhen yet, So we'll have to postpone the meeting until next week .
   ??????Bob还没有从深圳的旅行中回来，因此我们不得不把会议推迟到下个礼拜
   <2>Josie , The timing is terrible .（片中）
   timing ??节拍，节奏??，时间/时机的选择??
   附：good （perfect ）timing????完美的时机
   例：The timing of the music was all wrong for that particular dance .
   ?????? 对于这支舞曲来说，音乐的节奏是完全错的
   例：Because of the close timing of all of our meetings I will have no time to do any sightseeing . 
   ??????由于我们这些日常安排都非常紧，所以我就没有任何时间去观光
   MOVIE TUNES??原声碟???? 
   "Down To The Sea "??????选自《小美人鱼2》
   What's all the big 
   commotion???? 很大响声
   There is no hesitate?? 着急
   we're gonna have 
   spree????聚会

   动感英语（248）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG??美国俚语
   Where you headed ?（片中）
   to be heading somewhere???? 去.....地方
   例：My family is heading for the beach this weekend, want to come ?
   ?????? 我全家在这个周末要去海边玩，要不要一起来？
   例：In??three months ,??I'm heading off to university .
   ?????? 在三个月后，我就要去上大学了
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS?? 经典对白
   <1>My jeep died .（片中）
   died ?? 坏掉了
   例：My car died on my way to work, so I was late .
   ????????我的车在上班的路上坏掉了，因此我迟到了
   例：After ten years , the television finally died.
   ????????十年后，电视机终于坏了
   <2>I'll give you a lift .（片中）
   give sb a lift?? 搭一段， 载一程
   例：Would you mind giving me a lift to the studio?
   ?????? 我想你能载我一程去演播室
   例：You look like you're lost . Do you need a lift somewhere?
   ?????? 你看起来好像迷路了,你是不是要搭车去什么地方
   MOVIES TUNES?? 原声碟
   "Taming The Tides "?? 选自《小美人鱼》插曲
   Swarming the seas??成群
   Beware??警惕
   barracudas?? 梭鱼
   Defending our friends?? 保护

动感英语（249）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG??美国俚语 《魔鬼交易》
   Well, for the nice party, for putting up with me. 
   to put up with something or someone 忍受 
   例： I have to put up with my cat's fur all over the house.
   ????????我必须要忍受我的猫把猫毛掉得整个房间都是
   例： Mary has to put up with her boss' rudeness everyday.
   ???????? Mary每天都要忍受她老板的坏脾气
   
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS?? 经典对白
   <1>???? How about you give me 30,000 dollars? 
   ??????Fine. I'll take care of it. 
   take (good) care of something （好好）负责、照办 
   例： I'll take care of the food, if you bring the drinks to the party. 
   ????????如果你带饮料去派队，那我负责食物 
   例：??Jack, will you please take care of this filing for me? 
   ????????Jack,你能不能帮我负责规档 
   <2>The investors will still get the money, but I go broke. 
   to be??broke 没钱、身无分文 
   例：The last trip to Shanghai left me broke.
   ?????? 这次去上海旅行花光了我所有钱
   例：He went broke after his restaurant closed down.
   ?????? 在他的餐馆停业后，他就一分钱也没有
   MOVIE TUNES?? 原声碟
   "For A Moment" 选自《小美人鱼》

动感英语（250）Action English
   AMERICAN SLANG??美国俚语
   You didn't even have life insurance. Josie, on the other hand, just hit the jackpot. (片中) 
   hit the jackpot??交好运、获得了一大笔钱、捡了个大便宜 
   例：He hit the jackpot when the stocks he invested in tripled in value in one day. 
   ?????? 他赢得了一大笔钱，因他投资的股票在一天之内就翻了三倍 
   例：I felt like I hit the jackpot shopping today, because there were so many good sales.
   ?????? 我今天逛街捡了一个很大的便宜，因为有很多打折的东西
   
   CLASSIC FILM CLIPS?? 经典对白
   <1>She had me going again. 
   have somebody. going??把某人给骗了、让某人相信是真的 
   例： You really had me going with your crazy story! 
   ????????我真的被你那疯狂的故事给骗了 
   例：His charm and wit had everyone going believing that he was not involved in the scandal. 
   ??????他的魅力和智慧让他身边的人都相信他跟这丑闻无关 
   <2>?? Do you think Jake was in on it? 
   ???????? If he was in on it, she would've killed him. (片中) 
   be in on something?? 参加、参与（某事） 
   例： Are you in on this game or not? 
   ????????你到底要不要参加这个比赛 
   例：I want to be in on any new ideas that you have for this project.
   ??????如你对这个计划有什么新的主意，我都会支持你
   MOVIE TUNES??原声碟
   “Here on the Land and Sea”


   


