ACTION  ENGLISH   1
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
sound engineer, a person who make sound better 录音师
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Rumo(u)r has it that… 据说…… ；人们都说……
例句：Rumor has it that Andy is a nice guy. 人们都说安迪是个棒小伙。 
Rumor has it that he is a rather difficult sound engineer. 人们都说那个录音师很难相处. 
Rumour has it that Jean’s getting married again.  人们都说吉恩又要结婚了。 
Rumors have it that there will be a change in the Cabinet.  谣传内阁将改组。 
Rumour has it that he is going to resign. 据说他将辞职。 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
The Beach
My name is Richard.
So what else do you need to know?
Stuff??about my family or where I’m from.
None of that matters.
Not once you cross the ocean and cut yourself loose.
Looking for something more beautiful something more exciting and yet, I admit something more dangerous.
After 18 hours in the back of an airplane three dumb movies, two plastic meals, six beers and absolutely no sleep, I finally touched down in Bangkok.
‘Hey, how about you? You want to go to the waterfall? Cheap for you, come on.’
‘Hey, you need somewhere to stay?’
‘I’ll be fine. I’ll find my own place, thanks.’
‘What do you want, man?’
And this is it. Bangkok, good time city, gateway to southeast Asia.
Where dollar and Deutschmarks.
Get turned into counterfeit watches and genuine scars.
‘It’s a good time, boys? Girls? This is where the hungry come to feed. You wanna drink snake blood?
‘Wait a minute. Did you say snake blood?’
‘Oh yeah.’
‘No, thanks.’
‘What is wrong with snake blood?’
‘I just don’t like the idea.’
‘Or maybe you scared? Afraid of something new?’
‘No, I just don’t like the idea, that’s all.’
‘Ha ha! Like every tourist. You are all the same just like America.’
So never refuse an invitation.
Never resist the unfamiliar.
Never fall to be polite.
‘Gentlemen, that was excellent.’
Never outstay your welcome. 
Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience.
And if hurts it’s probably worth it.
重点词句： 
None of that matters. 无关紧要。 You matter to me. 你对我很重要。
matter to you 对你重要. not matter to you.对你不重要
例句：1.Your opinion really matters to me.你的意见对我很重要
　　　2.You matter to me .你对我很重要.
It doesn't matter .不要紧.
counterfeit watches genuine scars.(片中)
counterfeit 假的。counterfeit money 假币
genuine 真的   true真的(爱情) ,true love ;real真的 (友情)??real friends
genuine??true?? real 反义词：??counterfeit?? 
Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience, and if it hurts it's probably worth it.(片中) 只要你敞开心扉，即便是受到痛苦,也是值得的。
be worth doing。。。deserving of ; giving satisfaction??值得…… 
worth 值得
例句：1.Tibet is definitely worth seeing.*绝对值得一去。
2.This car isn't worth the money you paid for it.你买的那部车不值那么多钱.
You are not worth helping  你不值得帮忙。    It is worth buying .  它值得购买。
This book is worth reading.  这本书值得一看。 Tibet is definitely worth seeing.  绝对值的一看。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Unchained Melody   
Oh my love my darling   I've hunger for your touch   A long lonely time  And time goes by so slowly 
And time can do so much  Are you still mine I...I need your love  I...I need your love 
God speed your love to me   Lonely river flow to the sea to the sea   To the open arms of the sea yeah 
Lonely river sigh wait for me wait for me  I'll be coming home wait for me  Oh my love my darling 
I've hunger, hunger for your touch A long lonely time  And time goes by so slowly And time can do so much   Are you still mine   I need your love   I...I need your love  God speed your love to me
<人鬼情未了>的主题曲,这首歌谈到了尽管失去爱人,但心里仍冲满了对她的爱.

ACTION?ENGLISH?  2
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
cartoon (also animated cartoon), a film made by photographing a series of drawings卡通；动画片 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Oh, Come on！说明：用强调的语气时，表示不相信。用平白的语调时，表示快点。连续说两遍的时候，表示加油。 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
Entrapment 
Who do we like for this? 凭以往的经验，这会是谁干的？ 
Who do you like for… ??凭以往的经验，会…… 
例句：Who do you like for the best actress at tomorrow’s Oscar’s?  凭以往的经验，你觉得明天的奥斯卡最佳女主角会是谁？ 
Who do you like for the soccer game tomorrow night, Brazil or Germany?  凭以往的经验，你觉得明天晚上的足球赛是巴西赢还是德国赢？ 
Oh, Gee! 表示没想到，感到惊讶！   ???????? 同义词：Gosh! ?????? Oh my God! 
Oh, no! 表示发牢骚、抱怨。   Oh, oops! 在犯了个小错误的时候说。   Go ahead.  请便。
例句：Do you mind if I smoke here???No, go ahead. 我可以抽烟吗？没问题，请便吧。 
Can I use the bathroom ???Go ahead.  我能用一下卫生间吗？当然，请便吧。 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Love Is All Around 
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes  Love is all around me and so the feeling grows
It's written on the??wind, it's everywhere I go  So if you really love me, come on and let it show
You know I love you I always will  My mind's made up by the way that I feel
There's no beginning, there'll be no end  Cause on my love you can depend
I see your face before me, as I lay on my bed  I kinda get to thinking of all the things we said
You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you  I need someone beside me in everything I do
You know I love you I always will  My mind's made up by the way that I feel
There's no beginning, there'll be no end  Cause on my love you can depend
It's written on the wind, it's everywhere I go  So if you really love me, come on and let it show
Come on and let it show 

ACTION?ENGLISH? 3
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
action movie (also action film) 动作片
action!??开拍！action cutting??连续动作剪辑 action photography 动作摄影 
action properties??动作道具action shot??动作镜头 action still 电影剧照 
action-stopping shot 动作停顿镜头
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
You just can’t get over…??(you can’t forget…) 很难忘记……
例句：The French soccer fans can’t get over the World Cup 2002.
???? (法国的球迷很难从2002年世界杯中的失利的阴影中走出来。)
dwell on , stop thinking about… 不要再想……
例句：We shouldn’t dwell on someone’s past. 我们不该总抓住一个人的过去不放。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 -----High Crime
‘You have a warrant for the arrest of someone named Ron Chapman. 
My husband is Tom Dubick.’ 
What the hell is going on? 
I’m an attorney. 
‘I have the right to know the charges. Murder?’ 
‘Yes. If convicted, he’ll get the death penalty.’ 
重点词句： 
get down 蹲下 趴下freeze 不许动duck 把头低下去
What the hell is going on? 究竟出了什么事？
have the right to… 有权
例句：I??have the right to stay here as long as I want.（我有权住在这个地方想多久就多久。）
You have the right to keep silent.（你有权保持沉默。）
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Moon River
Moon river, wider than a mile  I'm crossing you in style some day
Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker  Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way
Two drifters, off to see the world  There's such a lot of world to see
We're after the same rainbow's end, waitin''round the bend  My huckleberry friend, moon river, and me

ACTION?ENGLISH?  4
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
preview, 预告片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
play chicken 错开 
例句：When you drive you’d better not play chicken with bigger cars.你开车的时候最好避开大车
Don’t be a baby! 不要发牢骚不要抱怨。
He’s such a baby.总发牢骚的人。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
‘After two years of training. You believe that a $45000 airplane. Is there for your amusement?’ 
‘No, sir. I was just trying to keep my edge major.’ 
‘And when you did the outside loop last week. What did you think that was？Honing your skills? That’s not training, macaully. That’s a stunt. And I personally consider it to be reckless and irresponsible.’ 
重点词句： 
keep my edge (stay sharp)保持最好的状态?????反义词：lose your edge
例句：I have to speak English every day just in order to keep my edge.(为了我英语一直好下去，我不得不每天念。)
??????David Beckham is a great soccer player but if he doesn’t practice every day, he’ll lose his edge.?（贝克汉姆是位伟大球员，如果他不每天练球的话他就会失去他的战斗力。）
honing 提高
例句：Owning my own computer gives me the chance to hone my computer skills.??????（有了自己的电脑，我的电脑技能就会大幅度提高。）
?????Jane’s new job requires her to talk to lots of people. She’s really honing her people’s skills.因为珍的工作每天都要与人打交道，所以她的谈话技能越来越棒.
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
California Dreaming    All the leaves are brown  And the sky is grey  I've been for a walk
On a winter's day  I'd be safe and warm  If I was in L. A.  California Dreamin' (California Dreamin')
(On such a winter's day  Stopped into a church  I passed along the way  Well, I got down on my knees (Got down on my knees)  And I pretend to pray??(I pretend to pray)  You know the preacher likes the cold (Preacher likes the cold)  He knows I'm gone stay (knows I'm gonna stay)  California Dreamin' (California Dreamin')
(On such a winter's day)
(Solo de guitarra)

ACTION?ENGLISH?  5
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Screen adaptation 改编
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Take your pick 随你挑 
例句：We have enough money to buy any DVD player this store has so take your pick. ????( 因为我们钱很多所以我们可以挑任意一个DVD。) 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“If we ever get in this war and something happens to me. I can’t tell you how good it makes me feel to know that someone as sweet as you will be there to nurse me back to health.” 
“Good! But we’re not in the war yet.” 
“Okay, that was a bad line.”     “Hi! I’m Red, Red . Strange.” 
“Your last name’s Strange?”     “Yeah, she’s all yours, soldier.” 
“No, it’s Winkle.”     “Red is such a ladies man!”   “Do you always stutter?” 
“No, only when I’m…”   “She’s totally buying it.”   “Nervous?”  “Yeah.” 
“Why can’t I get something like that?” 
重点词句： 
That was bad line 向异性示爱的话说的不太好
例句：I didn’t give her my phone number because she use the terrible lines. (我没有给那个姑娘我的电话，因为她不太招我待见。)
I’m not good at meeting girls because I don’t have any pick up lines.(我不太会跟女孩子约会，因为我不太会讲那些花言巧语。)
ladies man 非常有女人缘的男性
例句：My cousin always has 2 or more women interested in him. He’s a real ladies man!? (我的表弟身边总是有若干个女性对他感兴趣所以他是个非常有女人缘的男性)
My brother is a good looking guy and a smooth talker. Really he’s kind of a ladies man.(我的哥哥长的不错而且也很会讲话，他挺有女人缘。)
She’s totally buying it (buy=believe) 她一点都不相信对方
例句：He said he could help me get a job at his company but I don’t buy it. He doesn’t have that much influence.（他跟我说他能在他的公司帮我找到一份工作，我才不相信他的话呢。）
??She told me she loved me but I don’t buy it. I saw her at dinner with her ex-boyfriend last night.??(她跟我讲她爱我，那天晚上我还看见她和她的前男友在一起吃饭。)
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“Sweet Home Alabama”   Big wheels keep on turning   Carry me home to see my kin 
Singing songs about the southland   I miss Alabamy once again  And I think its a sin, yes
Well I heard mister young sing about her   Well, I heard ole neil put her down 
Well, I hope neil young will remember   A southern man don't need him around anyhow
Sweet home Alabama   Where the skies are so blue   Sweet home Alabama 
Lord, I'm coming home to you

ACTION?ENGLISH?  6
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
log keeper????场记
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
It’s up to you.?? 由你来决定，由你说了算！
例句：You can have any sweater you want . It’s up to you. The color’s up to you.（你想穿什么毛衣，你自己定，颜色由你来选。）
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“No, Betty, get up.” 
“What’s going on, Red?” 
“You’ve got to stand up, please.” 
“What do you mean get up?” 
“Just stand up.” 
“Betty.” 
“Red, come on, We’ve got a dinner reservation.” 
“Can I get a minute?” 
重点词句： 
What do you mean???你什么意思？
例句：What do you mean we have no more milk. I just bought some yesterday.(我们的牛奶又没了，你什么意思，我昨天刚买的。)
Can I get a minute???能不能等我一下？
例句：Gush, I think I hurt myself. Can I get a minute?我受伤了，能等我一下吗？ 
Hey, Michael, you walk too fast. I’m tired. Can I get a minute?我太累了，你能等我一会吗？ 
Just a minute. 等我一下（在打电话的时候用）
What’s the matter???你怎么了？
例句：Why are you crying? What’s the matter?（你干嘛哭？出什么事了？）
You are acting strangely. What’s the matter with you?你最近怎么行为怪怪的，出什么事了吗？ 
What’s got into you? 
What’s going on?????????????出什么事了？
propose 求婚????
例句：How did you propose to your wife?（你当初是怎么向你老婆求婚的？）
get engaged to 订婚  get married to 结婚
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Take My Breath Away 
Watching every motion  In my foolish lover's gaze  On this endless ocean  Finally lovers know no shame   Turning and returning   To some secret place inside   Watching in slow motion   As you turn around and say   Take my breath away   Watching I keep waiting   Still anticipating love
Never hesitating   To became the fated ones   Through the hour glass I saw you
In time you slipped away,   When the mirror crashed I called you   And turned to hear you say
If only for today, I am unafraid   Watching every motion   In this foolish lover's game
Haunted by the notion   Somewhere there's a love in flames

ACTION?ENGLISH?  7
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
crew??剧组
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
busting my ass??让……难堪/ 努力工作
例句： I wish the directors just would stop, you know, busting my ass because I already have lots of problems.我真的希望导演别再为难我，我的麻烦事已经够多了。
??????Every day I work, I bust my ass so my family can live well.（在单位我总是非常卖力的干，因为我想要家里的日子好过起来。）
smooth?? ① 对什么东西很擅长
例句：He’s very smooth with women because he has dates every weekend. （他对异性真又一套，每个周末他都不会闲着。）
???????? ② 可以把复杂的事弄简单的人，比较有本事的人 
例句：Somebody is smooth. ??????（谁很厉害。） 
???????? ③ 很容易说服别人的人 
例句：He’s has a very smooth manner, polite, interesting and a good talker. ???(他非常有说服力，有礼貌， 有感染力，真的非常不一样。) 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“The Navy’s gonna sneak us about 400 miles off the Japanese coast and we’ll launch from the carrier there.”     “Has that ever even been done before? Taking Army bombers off a Navy carrier?”
“No.”   “Okey.”   “Any other questions?”
“Well sir, is it even possible to land a B-25 on an aircraft carrier deck?”
“That won’t matter. As soon as we’re airborne the carrier will head straight back for Hawaii.
“But if the carriers head home where do we land?”  “I have a phrase I want you to memorize.”
“Wo shi yige Meiguo ren. It means ‘I am an American.’ in Chinese.”
重点词句： 
sneak 潜入
例句：If I come home late. I sneak into my house so I don’t wake anyone up. （如果我回家晚了，我会静悄悄的进去，不被任何人察觉。）
head 去什么地方
例句：I’m so tired. I’m heading home.（我很累了，我回家了。）
Are you heading to class later?（过一会你去上课吗？）
memorize 记住 背下
例句：I have to memorize forty vocabulary words today.今天我要背四十个单词。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
hallelujah 
I heard there was a secret chord 
That David played and it pleased the Lord 
But you don’t really care for music, do you? 
Well it goes like this : 
The fourth, the fifth, the minor fall and the major lift 
The baffled king composing Hallelujah 
Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah... 

ACTION?ENGLISH?  8
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
actor?? 演员
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
pass??① 给……
例句：Could you pass me that paper?（你能把那张纸递给我吗？）
Joe is thirsty. Pass him a drink.（乔很渴，递给他一瓶水。）
② 超过
例句：I was running as fast as I could, but that guy passed me.
（我已经尽全力跑了，但还是被那人超过了。）
③ 成功做什么了
例句：I’m free! I’ve passed the final exams, finally.（我终于解脱了，期末考试通过了。）
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“I’m killing you here.”
“Attention.”
“At ease. At ease, men. Say Jack. I thought you said these were the sharpest guys in the air corps.”
“I thought so.”
“Well you got Red, here. Thinking he’s going you scoop that pot with a king high.”
“I know.”
“Ahhh, what did I tell you! He’ been bluffing all along.”
“Come on. I’m just saying… You know, fellas. When you’re old men, you’ll remember tomorrow what you did You’ll tell your children and your grandchildren and they’ll be as proud to hear you tell that story as you’ll be to tell it. I promise you that. Boys, tomorrow night we eat Chinese. And Red’s buying.”
kill somebody 狂胜……
例句：In the soccer game last week, Chinese killed Japanese.上星期的足球赛中国狂胜日本。
I love playing cards with Bob, because I kill him every time.我最喜欢和鲍打牌，因为我每回都赢他。
sharp ① 穿着帅气
例句：That’s a really sharp looking suit.（这种穿着很漂亮。）
② 聪明
例句：He’s a sharp lawyer.（他是一个聪明的律师。）
Tomorrow night we eat Chinese. 明晚我们吃中国菜。
例句：Do you want to eat Italian or Japanese?你是想吃意大利菜还是日本菜？ 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Mrs Robinson 
And here's to you, Mrs. Robinson
Jesus loves you more than you will know (wo, wo, wo)
God bless you please, Mrs. Robinson
Heaven holds a place for those who pray
(hey, hey, hey...hey, hey, hey)

ACTION?ENGLISH  9
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
editing 剪辑 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
the order of the day 最重要的事 
例句：It’ll take three months to repair the house. Now patience is the order of the day for us. （这个房子装修要三个月，所以耐心是最重要的。） 
They won’t start shooting for a month. Now, learning your role is the order of the day.（离片子的开拍还有一个月，所以现在熟悉你的角色是最重要的。）
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白--Big trouble 
“A shot.”    “Maybe the pantyhose gang beat us to the draw. 
“Everybody shut up! Unless you want to get shot where the sun don’t shine. Don’t think I don’t know where that is either!”    “Again with the TV. Shut up.”   “Take that stupid thing off your head.”
“Well, nice place. What are you? Martha Stewart?” “Make yourself useful and tie everybody up. With what?”
“911! This is Eliot Arnold…”    “This.”    “Well, I can only do a slip knot, a double knot and…What do you call it? The bowman. What do you want?”
重点词句： 
beat sb. to the draw 比别人抢先一步
例句：We lost the project. Rainbow Company beat us to the draw.（这个项目我们没有拿到，因为彩虹公司抢先了一步。）
shut up 闭嘴  knock it off 闭嘴（语气很强烈）
Could you be quiet for a while? 你能不能少说两句？
Make yourself useful. 让你有用起来。
例句：Make yourself useful, ok? Go clean the garage（你能不能干点事，把车库打扫一下。）
I visit my friend and she’s cooking dinner for me. So I ask her, “Well Leez, can I make myself useful?”（我去朋友家，她做饭给我吃，于是我问她：“我能帮上什么忙吗？”）
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
One Plus One Is Two 

ACTION?ENGLISH  10
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
thriller 惊悚片 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
bluff 骗人 
例句：Don’t hit me! OK? I know Kong Fu. I’m not bluffing.别碰我，我会武工，我可没骗你。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
Big Trouble 
“Officer! Officer, what’s going on?” 
“Well, we had a little shooting but we got it under control. Miss…” 
“Weintraub. Heather Weintraub.” 
“Pretty name.” 
“I want to talk to your two friends. Any idea where they are?” 
“They probably went back to Jenny’s house.” 
“Officer Kravite.” 
“Ten―four. Well, we’ve got to take care of something. Official business. Code seven. See you later. Let’s move! Nothing to see here.” 
“You ready to roll?” 
“Let me drive, ok?” 
重点词句： 
get something under control 把……在控制下 
例句：Everything is under control. （一切尽在掌握。） 
We’ve got the fire under control. （我们已经把火控制住了。） 
The doctor told me she had the disease under control. 医生跟我说了病情已经被控制住了
get something out of control 不在控制下 
例句：We finally called the cops when things got out of control. (当事情完全失控的时候，我们给警察打了电话。) 
Gosh! My weight is out of control. （我体重又胖了。） 
any idea…?? 你知不知道 
例句：Excuse me, any idea what time it is? （劳驾，你知不知道几点了？） 
Any idea when the mall will be closed? （你知不知道那个商店几点关门？） 
Any idea why Lara is not here? （你知不知道劳为什么不在这？） 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
circle of life 
From the say we arrive on the planet   And blinking, step into the sun    There's more to see than can ever be seen    More to do than can ever be done   There's far too much to take in here   More to find than can ever be found   But the sun rolling high   Through the sapphire sky   Keeps great and small on the endless round   It’s the circle of life    And it moves us all   Through despair and hope   Through faith and love   Till we find our place  On the path unwinding  In the circle  The circle of life  It's the circle of life   And it moves us all   Through despair and hope   Through faith and love
Till we find our place   On the path unwinding   In the circle   The circle of life

ACTION?ENGLISH  11
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
close-up 特写 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Ready to roll？ 准备好可以走了吗 
例句：I got every suitcase, Ready to roll?（我的箱子都准备好了，可以走了吗？） 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白--Entrapment 
“You are a cop.” 
“No, Well, not exactly. Thibedaeu, believe it or not, is FBI. Two years ago he caught me and cut a deal. The deal was that I had to deliver you. They’ve been on to you for quite a while.” 
“ And Cruz knew too?”      “He’s just found out.” 
“I don’t get it Why didn’t you pick me up before? What were you waiting for?” 
“At first I wanted to see if you could do it.”     “Bullshit! C’mon!” 
“Then I wanted to see if I could do it.”   “Weren’t we partners? I can’t believe you’d do this to me.” 
“Well you’d better believe it. It’s all over.” 
重要词句： 
Believe it or not 信不信由你 
例句：I’ve given up smoking, believe it or not.（我已经把烟给戒了，信不信由你。） 
That guy wearing the brown suit is our teacher, believe it or not. (那个穿灰色西装的人是我们班主任，信不信由你 
found out 发现 
例句：I just found out I won the lottery. (我昨天刚知道我中了奖) 
I finally found out who took my walkman.（我终于知道是谁拿了我的随身听。） 
Got it？ 懂没懂？ 
例句：Well, that guy has only been here a month and he’s been promoted I don’t get it. （那家伙才来了一个月，凭什么提拔他，我真是搞不懂。） 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Hakuna Matata! Hakuna matata!
What a wonderful phrase  Hakuna matata!  Ain't no passing craze
It means no worries  For the rest of your days  It's our problem-free philosophy
Hakuna matata!
When he was a young warthog  When I was a young warthog
He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal  He could clear the savannah after ev'ry meal
I'm a sensitive soul though I seem  Thick-skinned  And it hurt that my friends never stood

ACTION?ENGLISH   12
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
studio??制片公司?? 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
hold on 等一下 
例句：May I speak with Joe?  Hold on please. Joe is on another line.（可以找一下周吗？请稍等，她在接另一个电话。） 
Hold on! Hold on! Could you move a little bit closer? （稍等，能不能往前景拉一拉？） 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
All in all, this really was paradise.     Except for one thing. 
The sun will not bleach it, nor the tide wash it away. 
“One, she just teasing you.”     “What are you talking about? 
“Two, you don’t speak French. Three, he speaks French. In fact, even better than that, four, he is French. Five, he’s much better at football, sorry, sorry “soccer,” than you. And six, you’re bit strange, Rich. Some girls like that in a man, but not usually the sort girls you want to be with. Come on. Your last girlfriend chucked you. There must’ve been a reason.” 
“Well, it was not my fault.” “ And seven, looking at, look at your thumbs man.” 
重点词句： 
all in all 总之 
例句：All in all, even though he has problems, he is a good soccer player. （说一千到一万，虽然他有很多问题但我还是觉得他是个很好的球员。） 
All in all, Action English is a very good English program. (说一千到一万，动感英语是个非常好的英语节目。) 
except 除了……之外 
例句：She’s very nice girl except she is a little bit selfish. （她除了有点自私，哪儿都好。） 
tease 跟谁的态度不认真 
例句：She’s always talking to men but she never gives them her phone number. She’s just teasing them. (她经常跟男性聊天，但她从不把自己的电话给别人，她对那些男人只是玩玩而已。) 
must have done 主观推测 
例句：You must have been hungry. （你一定是饿了吧。） 
Leave him alone. He must have been drunk. （别理他，他一定是喝醉了。） 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
There You’ll Be    When I think back on these times,
And the dreams we left behind  I'll be glad cause I was blessed to get,
To have you in my life   When I look back on these days,
I'll look and see your face  You're right there for me
In my dreams I'll always see you soar above the skies
In my heart there'll always be a place for you, for all my life
I'll keep a part of you with me,  And everywhere I am there you'll be 
And everywhere I am there you'll be   Well, you showed me how it feels,
To feel the sky within my reach     And I always will remember all,
The strength you gave to me    Your love made me make it through, oh, I owe so much to you    You were right there for me
In my dreams I'll always see you soar above the skies
In my heart there'll always be a place for you, for all my life

ACTION?ENGLISH?  13
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
western??西部片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
straight up 完全正确  (is a slang phrase meaning "absolutely"or "correct")
同义词：absolutely  正式场合：exactly  right  correct  You said it. 
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　You can say that again. 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“Sweetheart, do you see that guy in the corner? Dark hair yamulka, absolutely gorgeous? That’s Ben Feldman MA, JP Morgan..”    “He has no chin.”
“Mother, be quiet. He recently separated from his wife. Some shiksa from ldaho.”
“She could do better!”    “ You could! You could do better!”
“Mother. Would you stop feeding her perfectionism? You did the same thing with Larry.”
“I didn’t like him either.”
重点词句： 
(1) gorgeous 漂亮（顶级的）
程度由低至高：pretty????beautiful????gorgeous
例句：She’s gorgeous woman.（她是最漂亮的女人。）
同义词：pretty   beautiful  cool  例：That girl??is??so cool   This car is so cool 
killer例：She has killer legs    ???He is a lady killer 
Hot    例:He or she is so hot
personality  例:He has a strong personality
nice    例: She is a nice girl      am a nice guy   ?? nice car ,nice shoes
(2) You could do better! 你可以找到更好的。
(3) feed 助长
   perfectionism??完美主义
例句：You have to feed your dreams.（你要让你的梦壮大起来。）
Would you stop feeding her perfectionism?你能不能不要助长她的完美主义？
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Can You Feel The Love Tonight?              from "The Lion King"

Action??English  14
Movie Dictionary 电影词典
???? movie camera??电影摄影机?????cameraman??摄像?????? cinematographer??摄影师  crane??升降机
American slang??美国俚语
?? Can I get a lift ? 能让我搭你的车吗？??=Can you let me ride in your car ?
?? 例：I can give you a lift. 
Classic film clips??经典对白
“You said, Better luck next time. I said, Give me a lift. You said, Better luck next time. And just…Better luck next time?”
“I said that? Listen, sir. Please. I have no excuse for my behavior. I am sorry. I don’t know. What I can do to make it up to you except…I will buy you a new car.” “Money. You think I want money?”  “What I want is my morning back.”  “I need you to give my time back to me. Can you give my time back to me? Can you?”  “Wait a minute.” “So she won’t move to Oregon. So she won’t take the boys. So they’ll move into the house. So I can a father. Just twenty minutes. Can you give me that?” “I wish I could, man. I wish I could.”
重点词句： 
（1）better luck next time 祝你下次好运
good luck ;?祝你好运。?
just?my luck??: you say it when you experience bad luck        我真不走运。
（2）make it up to sb 补偿  对……进行弥补（指对人）
例：I don't know what I can do to make it up to you.
make up for sth 用于补偿东西   对……进行弥补（指对物）
make up with 与...重归于好
例：Jenny and I made up with each other and are still very good friends. （珍尼和我又重归于好了。）
make up 动词：化妆     makeup 名词：化妆品  例：She is * up .    （她在化妆。）
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Beauty and Beast 
Tale as old as time,    True as it can be,    Barely even friends,
Then somebady bends ,unexpectedly,    Just a little change,    Small to say the least,
Both a little scared,    Neither one prepared,    Beauty and Beast.

Action?English  15
Movie dictionary??电影词典
bootleg??盗版?????????? illegal?? copy 
American slang 美国俚语
whacked out ：??精神完全失常????completely insane very very crazy .
例：That girl is whacked out.  （那个姑娘一定是疯掉了。）
?????? Don't get whacked out =Don't be crazy
补充词汇：chill?? 镇定，控制情绪
Classic film clips 经典对白??
from "Armageddon"????means "The End of the World "
“You know I shut down number two last night, right?
“Yeah man, I had a hunch on that.”
“Dude, let me tell you something, someday, many years from now. When you’re all growed up…and you got your own oil company and $8 million of your own money on the contract…you can do whatever comes into that little A.J.-idiotin’ mind of yours you want…but as long as it says ‘Harry Stamper Oil’ on the rig you will not disobey my rules. You got that?”
“Yeah, I do got that.”   “Right now, I need to hear five words from you.”
“Uh…”    “I’ll never do that again.”
“Never do that again. I’m fool. That was idiotic. I mean that was stupid. I’m an idiot. I know what name’s on the sign. I’m not…I can’t…”    “What’ going on here?”
“What’s going on? Well, I mean, I screwed up. I’m a little edgy.”
“How long you worked for me?   “Five wonderful years.”
“In five years, you have never apologized to me this quickly. Something’s going on here. I’m gonna find out what it is.      “No, no, no. Well! I’m turning over a new leaf. I’m trying to learn from the man. What would Harry do? I’m at a loss for words.
重点词句： 
（1）have a hunch on that 对....有预感
例：I have a hunce on that ,I 'll never see the money again.（我有预感，我的钱拿不回来了。）
??????Hey man ,why did you bet all the money on the horse ?I had a hunch on that .（你为什么把你所有钱全赌那匹马？??我有预感它肯定会赢。）
（2）you got that ?=do you understand? 你懂了吗？
yes ,I do got it .=yes ,understand totally 是的，我懂了
（3）turn over a new leaf 重新开始
means to get a new start ,to change everything about yourself .
例：I used to really lazy,my boss fired to me,well I work hard from now on,I'm turning over a new leaf .
??????I'm turning a new leaf ,No more drinking ,No more smoking,It's a healthy life from now on. 
   （我决定重新开始生活了，再不抽烟再不喝酒。）.
（4）I'm at a loss for words??不知说什么好，无话可说，哑口无言
例：I'm at a loss for words , How dare you accuse me of stealing .（我真不知道该说什么好，你怎么会怀疑是我呢。）
??????This is the most wonderful gift I've ever received , I'm at a loss for words. ?????（这是我见过最棒的礼物，我都不知道该说什么好了。）
     ?Gosh, that girl is dad gorgeous ,I'm at a loss for words.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Edelweiss 雪绒花??????from“音乐之声”
Edelweiss, Edelweiss  Every morning you greet me,  small and white   clean and bright 
you look happy to meet me  Bloom and grow forever   Edelweiss,Edelweiss  Bless my homeland forever!

ACTION?ENGLISH   16
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
science fiction 科幻片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
tell somebody on somebody 向谁告状
例句：Give back my toy, or I will tell Dad on you.（把玩具还给我，否则我去向爸爸告你的状。）
I broke the vase, please don’t tell on me.（我把花瓶给打碎了，请不要去给我告状。）
I lost the computer disc. Please don’t tell the boss on me. （我把磁盘给弄丢了，请不要向老板去告状。）
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 ---Armageddon 
“A.J.! A.J. You in here? Oh, that’ just perfect. In bed. Get up.”
“Hey, you wanted to see me?”    “Yeah, I was looking for ya.”
“You’re pissed. Okay, I can see that.”
“No, You know what A.J.? I’m not pissed. You’ve seen me pissed. This is way, way beyond pissed, though.??You know I shut down number two last night, right?”
“Yeah man, I had a hunch on that.”
“Dude, let me tell you something, someday, many years from now. When you’re all growed up…and you got your own oil company and $8 million of your own money on the contract…you can do whatever comes into that little A.J.-idiotin’ mind of yours you want…but as long as it says ‘Harry Stamper Oil’ on the rig you will not disobey my rules. You got that?”
“Yeah, I do got that.”     “Right now, I need to hear five words from you.”
“Uh…”   “I’ll never do that again.”  
“Never do that again. I’m fool. I’m fool. That was idiotic. I mean that was stupid. I’m an idiot. I know what name’s on the sign. I’m not…I can’t…”
“What’ going on here?”  “What’s going on? Well, I mean, I screwed up. I’m a little edgy.”
“How long you worked for me?   “Five wonderful years.”
“In five years, you have never apologized to me this quickly. Something’s going on here. I’m gonna find out what it is.
“No, no, no. Well! I’m turning over a new leaf. I’m trying to learn from the man. What would Harry do? I’m at a loss for words.”
重点词句： 
idiot （idiotic）傻,  傻瓜，白痴。(means a very very stupid person;)
例句：She’s not an idiot, but this is the most idiotic plan I have ever heard. （她并不傻，但是她的计划是我听说过最傻的。）
Don’t listen to what he says. He’s an idiot.  （别听他的。他很傻。）
I’m a little edgy. 有点紧张，有点不耐烦
例句：He’s got a job interview tomorrow. He’s a little edgy right now (明天他要去应聘一个工作。他现在有点紧张。)
Erin hasn’t slept for two days. So stay away from her, she’s a little edgy. （她有两天没睡觉了，所以离她远一点，她情绪不太好。）
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
I Will Always Love You      from “保镖”
If I should stay,  I would only be in your way.  So I'll go, but I know  I'll think of you each step of the way.    And I will always love you.  And I will always love you.
Bittersweet memories   That is all I'm taking with me.   So, goodbye. please, don't cry. 
We both know I'm not what you need.    And I will always love you.  I will always love you.
I hope life treats you kind  And I hope you have all you've dreamed of.  And I wish to you, joy and happiness.  But above all this, I wish you love.  And I will always love you.  And I will always love you.  Ii will always love you. 

ACTION?ENGLISH?  17
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
sound track 原声碟
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Get a head start on走在别人的前面
例句：You should get up early and study. Get a head start on your classmates.（你要早起学习，这样你就走在了你同学的前面。）
He is a slow runner, but he got a head start on the others, so he might win the race.（他跑得慢，可是他总是比别人先出发，所以赢得总是他。）
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“You know about this, Rockhound? You knew?”  “No, I had no idea.” 
“Where’s Harry?”   “Harry! All right! Whoa, whoa, whoa! I understand, okay? You are mad. Who wouldn’t be mad?”   “But he’s gonna shoot you.”   “Nah, No he’s not, oh, shit.” 
“This guy’ got a gun, man! He’s shooting at me!   “Harry, this is not funny!” 
“Harry, listen to me! We can talk this over!   “So this is a, uh, serious thing?”  “Yeah, pretty serious.” 
“Bear, man!”  “What’s up”    “He’s shooting at me. Uh, you see Harry coming, crack him that wrench!”  “You told A.J.’s dad just before he died that you would take care of the boy. Now I’m not sure that shooting him is taking care of him.” 
重点词句： 
I have no idea. 我不知道。(相当于 I didn't know ,but it's very strong??)
例句：He can play the violin. I had no idea he was so talented.（他会拉小提琴，我怎么不知道他这么多才多艺。）
Don’t ask me where your car keys are. I have on idea.你的车钥匙找不到了问我干吗，我也不知道啊。
mad 疯狂  生气
例句：You’d better go talk to Frank. He’s really mad at you.（你最好去问问她本人，因为她生你的气了。）
If we’re lost, don’t get mad at me! You’re the one who forgot the map!（如果我走错了，你可不要发火，没带地图的是你。）
what’ up 打招呼，出什么事情了
例：what 's up ??? 找我干什么？（打电话时）
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
As Time Goes By     from “卡萨布兰卡”
You must remember this   A kiss is still a kiss   A sigh is just a sigh   The fundamental things apply as time goes by  And when two lovers woo  They still say "I love you"  On that you can rely  No matter what the future brings,  As time goes by  Moonlight and love songs never out of date    Hearts full of passion,    Jealousy, and hate   Woman needs man,  And man must have his mate  That no one can deny   It's still the same old story  A fight for love and glory  A case of do or die  The world will always welcome lovers   As time goes by

ACTION?ENGLISH?  18
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
costume??行头； costumer 服装师； wardrobe??服装；wardrobe designer??服装设计师
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
what's up??: two means??the first one is just used as a greeting过得怎么样??比how are you 时尚?? the second meaning just means : what 's the matter?? 怎么了？
例：You look really angry , what's up ?
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
“They’re asking for you, sir.”  “Whatever you told them, you don’t have to protect me.”
“I only told the truth.”  “They’re trying to divide us. We can’t let them.”
“Mulder, they have divided us. They’re splitting us up.”  “What are you talking about?”
“I have a meeting with O.P.R. day after tomorrow…for remediation and reassignment.
“They put us together.”   “Because they wanted me to invalidate…your investigations into the paranormal…but I think this goes deeper than that now. This is not about you.” 
“They’re doing this to me.”  “They’re not doing this.” 
“Mulder, I left behind a career in medicine…because I thought I could make a difference at the FBI…but it hasn’t turned out that way…and now if they were to transfer me to Omaha…or Cleveland or some field office…it just doesn’t hold the interest for me…that it once did. Not after what I’ve seen and done.”
“You’re quitting.”  “Maybe you should ask yourself whether your heart’s still in it, too.”
“Agent Mulder, you’re up.”  “I’m sorry.” “Mulder. Good luck.”
重点词句： 
make a difference 改观 (更有起色，使....更好)
例句：My friend Joe gives money to the poor, because he really want to make a difference in people’s lives.（我的朋友乔经常给穷人们一些钱，因为他真的想让他们的生活好起来。）
I wanna be a doctor so I can help people, I really wanna make a difference. (我想成为一名医生，这样就可以使人们的生活因我而改变。)
Your heart’s still in it 爱干什么
例句：Hey, David! Your business is really doing well, your heart is really in it. （你的生意不错啊，看来你真的是爱干这行。）
I’m gonna quit the job, my heart isn’t in it anymore.（我不爱干这行，我的心都不在这里面了。）
You’re up. 轮到你了
例句：I just tried the spicy dish. Now you’re up.（我刚试过这道菜，该轮到你了。）
Hey, Mark! They just finished introducing the main speaker. That’s you. Now you’re up. （嘿，马克！他们刚介绍完主讲，该你了。）
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Ain’t No Mountain High Enough    from “修女也疯狂”
Oh, baby there ain’t no mountain high enough
No mountain high enough  Ain’t no valley low enough  No valley low enough
Ain’t no river wide enough  No river wide enough  To keep me from getting to you, baby
Don’t you know there ain’t no mountain high enough  No mountain high enough
Ain’t no valley low enough  No valley low enough  Ain’t no river wide enough
No river wide enough  To keep me from getting to you, baby

Action English  19
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
stunt??替身； stuntman 替身演员；stuntwoman 替身女演员
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
pawn 廉价出售??sell??something cheaply??；??把某人推给....??
go for??喜欢做.... = like to do ; be willing to do??
You tried to pawned her off on me , and I didn't go for it.（片中）
例：You can't pawn your old car off on me ,I didn't go for it . 你想把你的破车廉价卖给我，我才不要呢。
???? If you don't like my company just tell me , you don't have to pawn me off on your friend,they won't go for it anyway .（如果你不喜欢我陪你，你不需要把我推给你的朋友。）
总结：pawn something or somebody off on 
??????????go for 的反义 not go for 不愿意，不喜欢
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）we're close to something here , we're on the verge .（片中） verge 靠近...边缘；马上就...
例：I'm really angry at you , I 'm on the verge of hitting you .（我真的很生气，我真想揍你。）
??????Don't interrupt me, I'm on the verge of a great discovery .别打扰我好吗，我马上就要有重大发现了。
（2）hold someone back =prevent someone from doing 拖累.... 扯……的后腿
I' ve just held you back （片中）
例：I 'm doing well at work but the fact that I can't speak English is holding me back ,I never get promoted .我在单位工作一直都不错，可是我不会讲英语拉了我的后腿，于是每次提升都没我的份。）
?????? Hey , Don't marry him , he only hold you back .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
My Guy 
Nothing you could say could tear me away from my guy ,  Nothing you could do 'cause I'm stuck like glue to my guy,  I'm sticking to my guy like a stamp to a letter   like birds of a feather??we ....stick together ,  I'm telling you from the start ,  I can't be torn apart from my guy ,  Nothing you could do could make me untrue to my guy, Nothing you could do could make me tell a lie to my guy.............

Action English   20
Movie dictionary 电影词典
director?? 导演?? 
American slang 美国俚语
tiger??原意老虎。But in American fathers often call their son tiger 父亲对儿子的爱称
There’s nothing to be afraid of ,tiger 
例：I’m so proud of you , tiger   ????Go help your mom, tiger
pumpkin 原意南瓜。在这里是对女儿的爱称
I’m so proud of you , pumpkin 
其他：honey ,??sweet heart , darling .
Classic film clips 经典对白
strip =take off your clothes 
You can strip Byers naked .
例：The doctor said to go into the exam room and strip .
????  Strip the shirt off ,it’s terrible color on you .
(2).go over one’s head =contact someone’s superior
Well , then we’ll go over their heads??跨过他们向上级告状
例：The DVD player I bought is defective , I wrote to a letter to the complaint department , but 
they didn’t do anything . I’m going to go over their heads .
I know you don’t like your boss , but you can’t complain to his boss about it, because you 
can’t go over his head .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Gravy????????“给爱情加点佐料”from 修女也疯狂
Gimme gravy on my mashed potatoes.  Come on and treat me right   
Hey baby, you’re the greatest 
So gimme gravy tonight.


Action English   21
Movie dictionary 电影词典
screenplay 电影剧本； screenplay writer 编剧； script 拍摄角本；script writer 编写拍摄剧本的人
American slang 美国俚语?
birthday suits 什么都没有穿
Everyone else in their birthday suits.（片中）
例：You are wearing your birthday suits .
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）It wasn't my fault ! why won't you ever be on my side !
   ?fault:某人犯的错
???????I will always on your side ,but you have to give me a chance.（片中）??
   on one's side = to support someone in a conflict  站在某人一边
例：Boss I'm sorry I 'm late for work ,but it wasn't my fault , The bus was late 
??????The patient died but it wasn't the doctor's fault.
???? My co-worker wants to have me fired but that's okey ,because my boss is on my side .
???? Don't worry about it ,Jane ,we are always on your side .
影片对白：?? 
It wasn't my fault ,why won't you ever be on my side ?
I'm always on your side ,but you have to give me a chance .
Now what ?   She was suspended again.Some kid made a crack about her clothes.
She started a fight ?  That's right Dad ,Don't even ask me what happened.
Okey, what happened ?  Oh ,I see .  Not like you .Would believe me anyway ,
Jame ,look ,It's not easy ,ok?I mean you change the way you look every week and the way you act ,Who are you supposed to be now ?  I'm supposed to be me,Not like you have a clue .Who I am anyway.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend 
A kiss on the hand  Maybe quite continental  but diamonds are a girl's best friend 
A kiss maybe grand ,but it wow！won't pay the rent on your humble flat .
Oh , help you need your pussycat  Man grow cold as girls grow old 
and we all lose our charms in the end  But square- cut or pear- shapen
These rocks don't lose their shape   Diamonds are a girl's best friend 
cause we are living  In a material world  and I am a material firl  come and get me ,boys !

Action English   22
Movie dictionary 电影词典
tragedy??悲剧；comedy 喜剧
American slang 美国俚语?
make a crack about??因为...取笑
Some kid made a crack about her clothes （片中）
例：Frank's new hat looks kind of??stupid , but don't make any cracks! Because he really likes it.
Yesterday a cab driver made a crack about my pronunciation because my English is so poor.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）what's up ???
????????special ops , They want a word （片中） what's up : two means??: first is " how are you " 打招呼
?????????????? the second is " what's wrong with you " 出什么事了？
例：You look angry , what's up ?
例：There's a reporter on the phone, he wants a word with you .
?????? When your brother comes back ,I want a word with him.
（2）make time 抽出时间
例：I don't get enough exercise , I need to make time to get to the gym.
??????You work too hard , make some time for your family.
影片对白：
How's Pollacks?（鲁米斯好吗？）
He's going to need a little surgery , but he'll be okay.（他得动手术了，不过他没事的。）
What's up ?（怎么了？） Special ops , They want a word .（特别行动组要跟你谈谈。）
Aw, forget it. I don't have the time.（不行，我没有时间）Better make time , Sean （那就挤时间。） 
Recovered from jet wreckage.Found in Pollacks Troy's briefcase. （这是在飞机残骸中找到的，放在波拉克斯的公文包里）
Porcelain casing , thermal cloak （磁质外壳，防热外罩）  nerve gas and biological payload（神经毒气弹和生化炸弹）  It's enough to flatten a square mile .（影响范围是一英里）
Then depending on the prevalling winds the fallout will be a tad worse the Gulf war Syndrome
（要是有一阵强风的话后果不堪设想，引起的疾病比波斯湾战争的后遗症还严重）
Biblical, a Biblical plague that Fuck（洛杉矶会变成该死的人间地狱）
where is he?（他在哪？） where is Pollack's Troy?（波拉克斯.特洛伊在哪？）
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Your Song??
#??It may be quite * but   Now that it's done  Hope you don't mind ,I hope you don't mind 
That I put down in words   How wonderful life is   Now you're in the world?? #
Sat on the roof  and I kicked off the moss   well , some of these verses 
well they they got me quite cross  but the sun's been kind  while I wrote this song 
It's for people like you  That keep it turned on  so excuse me forgetting  
But these things I do  You see , I 've forgotten   If they're green or they're blue 
anyway the things is   what I really mean  yours are the sweetest eyes  I've ever seen 
（singing Opera in Italian）  And you can tell??everybody  This is your song 

Actiong English   23
Movie dictionary 电影词典
make-up 化妆； make-up artist 化妆师
American slang 美国俚语
be??spiked 给....下酒精或麻醉剂?? 
Wher somebody is " spiked " it means that alcohol or narcotic （麻醉剂）substances have been added to a drink or food .
Did somebody spiked your Alpo ?（片中）
例：Somebody spiked your orange juice and take away your paintings . ?（有人在你的桔子汁里下了麻醉剂，然后把你的画偷走了？）
??????What ? somebody spiked her coke? ?（你说什么？难道有人在她的可乐里放了麻醉剂吗？）
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1）marked?? two means : 在...打记号??????一眼就看出来....
例：I marked the spot where I buried the money .
???? ??I marked you as a girl-chaser the minute I saw you .（我一见到你就知道你是个*）
（2）good work 干的漂亮，做的好
例：Good work Boy , Good work , I 'm really proud of you.
?? ????Good work Guran , That's all today 
（3）classic??somebody 某人惯用的手法
That is classic Mac （片中）
例：This mess is just classic Adam （这么乱一定是Adam干的）
???? ??This writing style is just classic Mr Jin .（这个作品一看就知道是金先生的）
???   Classic Flavor??最正宗的（香烟上可以看到）
电影对白：
Bob ,May I ?   sure , Go ahead .  Four weeks ago when our client 
bought the Rembrandt （四星期前投保人在买画）
see anyone we know   No.  Nope , neither did anyone else（当时谁都没有发现）
Now ,look again .   you think you marked the buyer 
at the auction house ?（你是说他在拍卖行就注意买家了？）
Right     Good work , Bob （你也没发现）
And let's not forget the calling card （呃，还有别忘了他留下的杰作）
Elvis has not left the building  （他换上了这幅画）
This is classic Mac , Hector （这是麦克的典型手法）
You know in the five years （我认识你五年了）
that I have know you   you have liked Mac Dougal for over half 
the cass that we have worked ?（我们调查的大部分赔保案例你都认为是麦克干的）
He's the best   He's also 60 years old .
He ain't spiderman anymore （他不能飞檐走壁了）
He's a wealthy guy  Doesn't have to steal a Rembrandt （有钱，用不着偷伦勃的画）
You think this guy steals because he has to ?（你以为只有穷才会偷吗？）
keep working 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
You Can't Hurry Love 
I need to find  find someone to call mine   but Mama said   you can't hurry love 
No , you'll just have to wait   she said love don't come easy  It's a game of give-and- take 
I can't hurry love   no It'll just have to wait   you gotta trust it's time  no matter how long it takes 

Action English   24
Movie dictionary??电影词典
screen??银幕；movie screen 电影银幕 ； screen Tube 显示屏
American slang 美国俚语
Ten-four??收到 ：is used in radio communication to state that you've heard and understood something .
例：A: We found him under the bridge , His leg is broken .  ??? ???B: Ten-four . 
　　A: Mike, take exit 27 off the highway .  ?????? B: Ten-four . 
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）You wanna well me why?（片中）  you want to??你最好....（非疑问句中）
例：I'm not gonna call him , But you want to.（我再也不给他打电话了； 你最好还是打给他。）
（2）you own me a hundred and forty Gs （片中）  own ：欠...钱 ；欠...人情
例：You own me 100.
???? ??Hey , bro, you owe me 100 bucks , remember ? when will you pay me back ?
??????I??own her a lot . （我欠她很大的人情） 
其他：Gs = $1000 ；coin??硬币； bill , note 钞票；
??????????penny 一美分；nickle 五美分；dime 10美分；quarter??25美分；
电影对白：
Ah, good morning
Wanna well me why my Jaguar looks like 
you drove it off a *ing cliff ？（我的那辆美洲虎怎么让你弄得和开下悬崖一样了呢？）
Thibideaux , I'm awfully sorry 
you owe me 140 Gs （你欠我十四万美元）
or how about a 40 billion dollar 
Chinese mask instead ?（还你个价值四百万的中国面具好吗？）
With a turbo charge 
With a six CD changer （涡轮增压器，能播六张碟片吗？）
Did you get everything I need （要的东西都全了？）
we done with this     you're buying me a new car （办完事，你给我买辆新车）
Agreed   Did you get the small pneumatics ?  what did you ask for ?
Yesh, I got the small pneumatics   You gotta be a damned mouth 
to use one of them things （还用问吗？嗯，我都买来了，你的变成小精灵才能钻进去）
And the detonator?（绳弹呢？）  It's in the van （还在车上）
Now look man , that's some nasty suit 
you don't want to mixing it （那玩艺儿厉害，可不能把它跟别的东西混在一起）
with nothing else unless you wanna be all over the floor bumping into yourself 
（要不然一不小心你就被炸飞了）  what the hell's this ?（这是什么呀？）
Ah, a thermal camera , what you asked for （你要的红外线热感摄影机)
I specifically said to liquid plasma screen （我特别关照不要液态等离子屏幕的）
well , that was specifically all I could get （这还是我好不容易搞到的）
well how am I supposed to do this   without the right tools ?（没有适合的工具，我怎么办事？）
come on , give me a break , man （嘿，得了）  what do you think this is ?（你说我该怎么干呐？）
you give me a list     I go to K-Mart and get this shit ?（开货单容易，可是我哪去买啊？）
Figure out something ,you always do （你总是自说自话的）
where's the honey ?    In the loch, training （在湖里，练习）
I told her I swim for an hour every day ,  so she'll do it for two （我说我每天游泳一个小时，她说那她就两个小时）
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Come What May 
Listen to my heart   can you hear say   Telling me to give you everyting  seasons may change 
winter to spring   But I love you   until the end of time   come what may 
come what may   I will love you   until my dying day    suddenly the world 
seems such a perfect place   My deer ! A litter frog   （croaking）

Action English  25
Movie dictionary 电影词典
role 角色；staring role 主角；supporting role 配角
American slang 美国俚语
They're quite in vogue （片中）  in vogue 摩登，时尚?? means it is fashionable
例：Long skirts are in vogue nowadays .??????（现在长裙很流行）
??????Korean dramas are in vogue .??????（韩剧现在很流行）
??????If you see AE , you're in vogue actually.
 经典对白????选自“Beauty and Beast "
（1）what a pleasant surprise??意外的惊喜
例：Helen,??I didn't knew you were coming to the party , what a pleasant surprise 
???? ??Hey, Helen, I didn't know you work here too, what a pleasant surprise 
（2）There isn't a girl in town , who wouldn't love to be in your shoes .（片中）
     in one's shoes??成为....；处在...位置?? = in one's situation 
例：The boss is mad at you , I wouldn't want to in your shoes 
 ??????You won the lottery , I'd love to be in your shoes ??（你中了头彩，我真想和你一样）
（3）I ' m speechless??说不出话来  =I 'm so surprised and I don't know what to say 
     I'm at a loss for words （以前学过）
例：You are getting married , That's so wonderful , I'm speechless 
How could you be so stupid , I'm speechless 
电影对白：
Gaston, what a pleasant surprise         Isn't it though?
You know , Belle , there's not a girl in town       who wouldn't love to be in your shoes 
This is the day..        This is the day your dreams come true 
What do you know about my dreams , Gaston?       Plenty , here , picture this :
A rustic hunting lodge       My latest kill roasting on the fire 
My little wife , massaging my feet     While the little one's play on the floor with the dogs 
we'll have six and seven     Dogs ?    No , Belle , strapping boys , like me  
And do you know      Who that little wife will be?    let me think     You, Belle 
Gaston, I'm ...   I'm speechless     I really don't know what to say    say you'll marry me
I'm very sorry , Gaston, but    but I just don't deserve you.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Where Were You 
Where were you on our wedding day   I heard bad news that you ran away
Where were you on our wedding day   You did me wrong and now you must pay 
Whoah-oh Give me back my ring     Whoah-oh??I ain't gonna let you keep a thing 
Whoah-oh where were you when I said " I do"   Everybody laughed and my inlaws too 
Where were you when I turned around 

Action English   30
Movie dictionary??电影词典
pan mean 摇镜头
American slang 美国俚语
nuts 傻瓜，病的。
例：Are you nuts ?  ???
　???What? Quit college? Are you nuts? How could you get the job without degree ?
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）That's freaky looking （片中）  freaky 怪的????= creepy 
例：That guy has some realy freaky looking hair .
（2）I means??我的意思.......
例：My boss is really stupid , I means he's the kind of idiots .
（3）the heck = the hell 
例：The house is a mess , what the heck happened ?   ??????I mean What the heck is it anyway ?
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Put your faith in what you most believe in  Two worlds, one family  Trust your heart
Let fate decide  To guide these lives we see   A paradise untouched by man
Within this world blessed with love  A * life, they live in peace 
Softly tread the sand below your feet now  Two worlds, one family  Trust your heart
Let fate decide  To guide these lives we see   Beneath the shelter of the trees
Only love can enter here  A * life, they live in peace  Raise your head up
Lift high the load   Take strength from those that need you  Build high the walls
Build strong the beams  A new life is waiting  But danger's no stranger here 
No words describe a mother's tears  No words can heal a broken heart
A dream is gone, but where there's hope   Somewhere something is calling for you
Two worlds, one family   Trust your heart   Let fate decide  To guide these lives we see

Action English 动感英语  31 
Movie dictionary 电影词典
producer 制片人
American slang 美国俚语
It's just that I got a little bit sidetracked.（片中）
sidetracked 分神， 偏离
例：Peter thought he would go to college right after high school , but he got sidetracked , he spent four years in the army first .
???? Hey , I 'm sorry I didn't have time to buy your back, you know , there was a sale going on at the CD store , I got sidetracked.
Classic film clips??电影对白
（1）Why don't you come up with your own sound?（片中）
come up with 找到 / 解决 / 想到?? means " to find , solve , or think of "
例：He, I couldn't find your brother , all I could come up with is some footprints .
???? ??Well, I've been working on the problem for hours and haven't come up with a solution.
???? ??Hey, It's great idea, but I didn't come up with it by myself .
（2）"well Yeah, you could ,If you could keep up , But you know ,you can't keep up"
     keep up 赶上??means "to move very fast ""to stay near someting or someone "
例：Hey, could you talk a little slower???I can't keep up.
???? ??Hey, he's driving very fast, but we can keep up.
（3）pull yourself together , you're embarrassing me.（片中）
pull yourself together 镇静 first meaning " calm down, relax" ,?重新振作（安慰）
例：Stop screaming , pull yourself together , the car didn't hit me .
I know your dog died , and you are sad, but that was three years ago, pull yourself together , ok? pull yourself together and go to work.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
You'll Be in My Heart 
come stop your crying   It will be all right   Just take my hand   Hold it tight 
I will protect you   from all around you   I will be here   Don't you cry   For one so small 
you seem so stong   My arms will hold you ,  keep you safe and warm   This bond between us 
can't be broken   I will be here   Don't you cry   Cause you 'll be in my heart 
Yes , you'll be in my heart   From this day on   Now and forever more 


Action English 动感英语?? 32
Movie dictionary??电影词典
epic??史诗片
American slang??美国俚语
bang ????重击 v ；大吃一惊n??=surprise 
例：Don't bang the door 
???? ??That suspense movie gave me a big bang at the end .
??????（I never would have expected such a freaky ending ）
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）You nearly gave me a heart-attack .（片中） give sb a heart-attack 吃惊，害怕。
people say this about something that really scares them 
例：Well, he was ok , but I though he was dead, he nearly gave me a heart-attack!
??????My girlfriend loves sky-diving every time , I see her do it , It gives me a heart-attack.
（2）but it was accident （片中）
例：Hey, sorry , I broke your CD player , but it was an accident .
??????Hey , Derek was in bad car accident yesterday .
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Son of Man 
Oh, the power to be strong   and the wisdom to be wise   all these things will come to you in time 
on this journey that you're *   There will be answers that you seek   and it's you , who'll climb the mountain   yes, it's you who'll reach the peak   son of man , look to the sky 
lift your spirit , see it free   someday you'll walk with pride  son of man , a man in time you'll be 

Action English??动感英语??  33
Movie dictionary??电影词典
cast??全体演员； casting 选演员； casting director 挑演员的导演；talentscout 星探
American slang 美国俚语
Are you thick in the head （片中）
To be “thick in the head”or “thick” means stupid 大脑迟钝
例：You're going to steal a car , Are you thick in the head?
?  ????Hey , I'm sure Jim doesn't understand , you know , he's a little thick 
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）I will miss you Jane （片中） miss ??two means ：想念  ?错过
例：I am homesick, I miss my family .
??????I don't have a car right now , I really miss driving.
??????Sorry , I'm terribly sorry , I miss your birthday party , I was terribly sick .
??????Hey, is that program over already, Did I miss it ?
??????Don't miss our program .
（2）Well I suppose we should say goodbye （片中）
I suppose?? 我认为，我想。means “I think ”， “I guess ”
例：If I'm not going to work , I suppose I should call the bass and tell him.
???? ??What ? You don't like my idea, I suppose you have a better one 
（3）c'mon Terk ! step on it （片中）  step on it??快点
If you want somebody to move faster , you can say " step on it "
例：Hey , we're gonna be late for the movie , step on it ok?
 ??????Hey, man , I can't wait all day , could you step on it .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Strangers Like Me 
Whatever you do  I'll do it too  show me everything   and tell me how   It all means something??
and get nothing to me   I can see there's so much to learn   It's all so dose and yet so far 
I see myself   as people see me   oh , just know there's something bigger out there 
I wanna know can you show me   I wanna kow about these strangers like me 
Tell me more ,please show me something's familiar   about these stranger like me 

Action English 动感英语   34
Movie dictionary 电影词典
action 开机； cut 停机
American slang 美国俚语?? 选自“断箭”
give it everything you've got 竭尽全力 means just to try as much as impossible
例：If you give it everything you've got , the team will win the game.
pass 及格；not pass 不及格
?? ????Hey, don't worry about it, I'm sure if you give it everything you've got , you'll pass it .
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）just in case 以防万一
例：Well it may be sunny outside , but bring an umbrella just in case if it rains .
??????I brought some extra money just in case you don't have enough.
（2）This is a standoff （片中）  standoff 僵局，僵持不下
例：Two guys are equally strong, the fight ended in a standoff .
Sally and Jeff both have excellent arguments so the debate ended in a standoff.
be tied 平局
例：The score is two to two , the game is tied.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Over the Rainbow
somewhere ,over the rainbow...  ....way up high   there's a land that I heard of ....
....once in a lullaby  somewhere over the rainbow   .....skied on blue 
and the dream like ready do   someday I 'll wish upon a star and wake up 
where the clouds are  far behind me   where troubles melf like lemon drops away 
above the chimey tops  that's where you'll find me

Action English 动感英语   35 
Movie dictionary 电影词典
wide screen 宽银幕??16：9 =letter box ；Tv screen 电视屏幕 4：3
American slang 美国俚语
You could have shut me down （片中）
shut sb down??,??shut down 打败means defeat ； shut sth down 关闭 means close or stop
例：Jane is a very good chess player , so she shut me down easily
?????? That company was doing illegal things so the police shut it down 
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1） You're missing the bigger picture （片中）  
（2） bigger picture 全局考虑??means the full truth of a situation
if someone understands "the bigger picture " he understands the complexity and the real truth behind a situation.
例：Well , it may seem that Bill make a big mistake by quitting the job, but if you look at the bigger picture ,you will see that guy made a good decision.
??? ? You might think, I spent too much money, but if you look at the bigger picture ,you will see that I made a good investment .
（2）That's the spirit 好样的
例：In the past , you never studied , now you study all the time , that's the spirit.
?? ?? Hey, now you are working really hard, that's the spirit
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Singing the Rain   I'm singing in the rain   just singing in the rain  what a glorious feeling 
we're happy again   we'll walk down the lane  with a happy refrain  just sing 
just sing in the rain 

Action?English ?36
Movie Dictionary
?Biographical Movie 传记片  Biography 传记
American Slang
What a rush!真带劲，好过瘾啊！  rush: n 带来快感的强烈的刺激。
例句? I get a rush from snowboarding.
??????????Driving my car very fast really gives me a rush.
Classic?Film Clips
?We'll call it square.我们扯平了。
例句 Shoot yourself,and we'll call it a square.(影片中对白)
??????  Hey,you took me out for dinner last night,and today I'll take you out.We'll call it a square.
     fair and square =without cheat 公平，公正，光明正大
?例句 We won that game fair and square.
????? ? 那场比赛我们赢得光明正大。
?nerd 痴，书呆子，对一项专业精通但对其它事不闻不问的人。
computer nerd 电脑痴
?例句 Bill Gates may be a computer nerd,but that's why he's so wealthy.
你可能觉得Bill Gates是个电脑痴人，可正因为如此，他才这么的有钱。?????
?    Don't work too hard.Come on and play.stop being such a nerd.
fold=give up 放弃，退出
例句 I think he's folded.(影片中对白）
????? There are too much pressure on him.So he folded and lost the game.
????? We were playing poker last night,and I had a very bad hand.So finally I folded it.
Movie Tunes
?Are you lonesome tonight----电影“小猪进城”
Key words: lonesome,drift,stray,sweetheart

Action?English?37
Movie Dictionary
Blood Curdling(or blood curdler) 恐怖片 Thriller 惊悚片 Horror Movie 恐怖片
Thriller和horror movie统称为blood curdling.两者的区别在于,horror movie中，通常会出现monster,ghost等非真实的恐怖因素，如《糖人》；而 thriller 则是涉及真人参加的murder等恐怖事件，如《沉默的羔羊》。
American Slang
Come off as annoying 惹人讨厌
Come off as + adj.=give the impression as + adj.
例句? I hope I didn't come off as rude to your mother. I really want her to like me.
??????  What he said came off as very mean. But if you knew the bigger picture, you know the reasons he said it. ???? 他说的话听起来挺刻薄的。但是如果你了解全部经过，你就知道他为什么这么说了。
Classic?Film Clips
Don't let it get to you 别为这事心烦，别在意这件事。
Get to sb 让……烦心，生气
例句? The way she spoke to me really gets to me.
???? ??? It really gets to me that he stole my money after I had shown him so much generous.
So you wanna do it the hard way,huh? 你想敬酒不吃吃罚酒，是么？
例句? Hey you!Do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?You can pay the money back right now,or I'll beat you up.
?????The general says to the enemy.You can surrender now or do it the hard way.
Movie Tunes
A heart that's true
Key words:whatever will be will be,It'd have come this far,led me by the hand,make it through

Action?English? 38
Movie Dictionary
?Box office 票房 Box office hit 高票房 Box office flop 票房毒药
American Slang
Draw=take out a weapon(gun,sword,etc.)
例句?You'd better draw your gun before he shoots you.
??????? 在他打中你之前，你最好先拔枪。
??????? He drew his sword to get ready for battle.
??????? 他拔出利剑准备战斗。
Classic?Film Clips
You back-Stabbing murderer.你这阴险的杀人犯。
Back-stabbing adj.阴险的，暗箭伤人的，小人的
例句? Don't trust that back-stabbing guy.He will steal all your money as soon as he has a chance.
Back-stabber n.阴险的人，背信弃义的人。
例句? I was in love with my girlfriend untill I found out that she told all her girlfriends that I was stupid.She's such a back-stabber.
A lesser man would've talked under such torture.
A lesser man 不太正直的人。
例句?? Thank you for returning my wallet. A lesser man would have kept it for himself.? 
????????  You are a lesser man than he is. Because you lied to me.
Movie Tunes
Because ―电影“美国丽人”(American Beauty)
Key words:turn me on,blow my mind,love is old love is new,blue
?Because
because the world is round it turns me on  because the world is round...aaaaaahhhhhh
because the wind is high it blows my mind because the wind is high......aaaaaaaahhhh
love is old, love is new  love is all, love is you  because the sky is blue, it makes me cry
because the sky is blue.......aaaaaaaahhhh  aaaaahhhhhhhhhh....

Action?English?39
Movie Dictionary
Sound stage 摄影棚   Set 布景
American Slang
That's using the old noodle.    Noodle=brain 脑子，头脑
Use the noodle=use your smarts? 动动脑子
例句? Use your noodle to figure out the math problem.
??????? 动动脑子把这道数学题做出来。
??????? You haven't used your noodle, so you got ripped off.
????????因为你没有动脑子，所以就被人家骗了。
Classic?Film Clips
Snap out of it. 振作起来，作回自己。
例句? Hey I know you broke up with your girlfriend and you are depressed.But snap out of it.It's not the end of the world.  我知道你和女友分手了，而且你很难过。可你要振作起来，这没什么了不起的。
????? ? Hey I don't know what you are thinking about.But snap out of it.You still have a lot of work to do.
??????      我不管你在想什么，但是你得赶快找回自己，还有很多活等着你去干呢。
?Sham? n冒牌货? fake=phony adj.假冒的
例句? That company is a sham.They promise to help you ,but they only steal your money.
???????  那家公司是冒牌的。他们说会帮助你，可事实上，他们只会赚你的钱。
???????  I am a sham.I can't really do all the things I said I can do.
???????  我是个冒牌货。我原来说过的事，其实我都做不到。
?Is his mom losing her marbles? 他妈妈疯了么?
lose one's marbles=go crazy=lose one's mind 疯了（做了一些很蠢的事情）
例句? Hey have you lost your marbles?Don't tell your girlfriend she's ugly.
?????? 你疯了么？别告诉你的女朋友她唱得不好看。
?????? Are you losing your marbles?Are you really got married that guy?
?????? 你一定是昏了头吧？你想嫁给那个家伙？
Movie Tunes
Don't rain on my parade ――电影“美国丽人”(American Beauty)
Key words:  Take a spill=fall down
Parade
This song is all about that please let me do what I really want to do,and don't tell me what I should or shouldn't do,because they are all my own business.?

Action?English?40
Movie Dictionary
?Fan 迷? Movie fan/ a fan of Christina Auguilera    Buff 迷? Movie buff
区别：buff与fan相比，是一种更为俚语化的用法。可以说，movie buff,music buff,但是不能用buff of sth. or sb.的形式。
American Slang
Pep talk 鼓励人的演说，说辞
例句? My boss gave me a great pep talk before the big meeting.I think it really helped me to close the deal.?????? 在会议之前，老板给我很多鼓励，这使我能够把单子签下来。
?????? Angela needed a good pep talk after she didn't get asked to the prom.
?????? 没有人请Angela跳舞，我们该给她一点鼓励。
?? ?????Prom 不同于 party.它对中学生来讲是非常重要的一件事情，一种社交场合。
Classic?Film Clips
She's in pretty bad shape.她的状况很不好。    Shape=condition
例句? That bicycle is in pretty bad shape.I'll only give you 30 bucks for that.
??????? 这辆自行车这么烂,我只出30块钱。
??????? He was in pretty bad shape after his girlfriend broke up with him.
??????? 因为跟女朋友分手了，所以他的精神状况非常糟。
This is gonna be tough on both of you.
Be tough on sb.= 1. be very hard work to accomplish one's goal.对…来说很难。
?????????????????????????????2. 对……要求严格，苛刻
例句? Now I know all these studying is tough on you.But when you get accepted to college you'll be happy.
?????? 我知道现在对你来说学习很难，可一旦你上了大学，你的前途就一片光明了。
?????? The coach was just being tough on you because he can see your potential. 
?????? 教练对你要求严格是因为他知道你很有潜力。
Let's not make this any harder than it has to be.
Make sth. harder than it has to be=make something easy into something difficult 把……弄得很复杂，多此一举。
例句? Dave is making it harder than it has to be by insisting we wait for the red light before we cross the street.?   ??Dave坚持说要等红灯变绿灯我们才能过马路。他真是多此一举。
?????? Don't make it harder than it has to be.Just do what boss says so we can all get out here early.
?????? 你就别添乱了,只要按老板说的去做,我们都能早早收工。
Movie Tunes
?Uninvited ―电影“天使之城”
Key words:uninvited,flatter,hot-blooded,crave

Action?English?41
Movie Dictionary
Out takes 不被选用的部分镜头   Bloopers 洋相镜头
American Slang
Ya right 骗人，我才不信呢
例句?Ya right you got perfect on the test,you didn't even study.
??????? 我才不信你会考得很好呢，你从来都不学习。
??????? You know what?I just made first string on the soccer team.
??????? Ya right.You can't even run a mile without losing your breath.
??????? 你知道么，我进足球队的首发阵容了。
??????? 我才不信。你跑一英里就上气不接下气了。
Make first string 进入首发阵容
Classic?Film Clips
?Here's the deal 你看这样行不行
例句? Here's the deal:I'll give you half the money now and half the money when the DVDs are safely delivered.? 老板你看这样行不行啊：我先付你一半钱，等DVD机完好无损的送到我那里，我再付给你另一半。
?????? Look.These T-shirts are in bad condition.Here's the deal:I'll buy all of them for 30% off,okay?  ?????? 你瞧这些衬衫都有点毛病。你看这样行不行，我全包了，你给我打七折，怎么样？
?Give it a go=give it a try 试一把
例句? I'm not so sure I'll be able to fix your skateboard,but let's give it a go and see if it works.
?????? 我不敢保证一定能把你的滑板修好，但我们试一试吧，万一要是可以呢。
?????? We'll only have 20 minutes left to finish that report,but let's give it a go.Maybe we can finish in time.
?????? 我们只有20分钟写这份报告。可不管怎么说先试一试，没准我们能按时交活呢。
Movie Tunes
?Red House ―电影“天使之城”
Key word:yander (a slang used in south America means over there or far away)

Action?English?42
Movie Dictionary
Credits????字幕    Opening Credits?? 片头字幕  Closing Credits??? 片尾字幕
American Slang
You bet??? 当然, 真的, 的确,没错
例句? You bet we’re going to the concert. We just got a great deal on tickets.
??????? 我们当然要去听音乐会了。我们拿到了几张优惠票。
??????? Can you help with my homework?
??????? You bet. I just took this course last year.
??????? 你能帮我看看功课么？
??????? 当然啦。我去年刚学完这科。
Classic Film Clips
?Round and round 指说话兜圈子
Cut to the chase 说话直截了当
例句? Look, we can go round and round all the afternoon, but we have to make a decision on the investment today.??? 这样，我们可以整个下午都一直兜圈子，可关于投资问题，我们今天必须做出决定。
?????? You keep going round and round on the subject. Do you want to join the team our not??????? 你总是在兜圈子。你到底想不想参加进来？
See your way clear of something = avoid
例句? If you don’t want to get caught in that storm. You’d better see your way clear of highway 27.?????? 你要是不想遭遇暴风雪，最好避开27号高速路。
?????? To be that situation in life, you really need to see your way clear of a lot of temptation.?????? 在那种境况下，你真的要抵御很多诱惑。
?He’s got a gift. 他很有天赋。  has a gift=to be talented? 有天赋
例句? You should really continue with your tennis lessons. You have a gift and I think you can have the chance to get into a pro.???? 你真该继续上网球课。你很有天赋。我觉得你会有机会进入职业队的。? ?????? Pro. 职业队
?????? He really has a gift with the ladies. He always has a date on Friday night.
?????? 他对女人很有一套。周五晚上他总有约会的。
Movie Tunes
?Angel――电影“天使之城”（City of Angels ）
Key words:second chance,break?
                 
Action?English?43
Movie Dictionary
?Climax 高潮  ild-up 铺垫
American Slang
?Just hang on there a minute or two.
Hang on? 1.滞留，停留，等待   ????? 2.(接电话时)等一下
例句? I've almost done cleaning my room.If you hang on,we can go to the mall together.???? 我的房间就快整理好了.你要是愿意等我一会,我们就能一起去商场.
????? Hang on.last week you said you were gonna pay me 10/hr.Now you pay 8.That's not fair.??? 等等,等等.上周你说每小时付给我10美元,现在你只给我8美元.这不公平.
Classic Film Clips
?Get in the middle of 插手……，卷入……
例句? It has nothing to do with you.Why are you getting in the middle of their arguments????? 这事跟你一点关系都没有。你干吗搅合到他们的争论中呢？
?????? I started working in a part time for a consulting firm.Now I'm right getting in the middle of this huge deal.I don't understand how my job became so important.??? 我在一家咨询公司做兼职。现在我正接手一桩大买卖。我不知道我的工作怎么变得这么重要了。
I'm trying really hard not to get lost in this.
Get lost in 在……迷失自己,陷入……
例句? There's so much have to read.I feel like I'm gonna get lost in the stuff that's not important. 要读的东西太多了。我觉得我要被那些不怎么重要的资料绊住进度了。
??????? It's so bad he got lost in all the excitement.If he had just stayed focused he could've been a great leader. 很遗憾他在荣誉和成绩面前迷失了自己。如果他能保持清醒的话，你会是个伟大的领袖人物。
He's a good man.
Good man 人品很好，值得信任的人
例句? I think you should hire Bob.He's a good man.He works really hard and he's always on time.?? 我觉得你该雇Bob。他人不错，干活卖力，总是很守时。
?????? Of course,you have the permission to marry my daughter,young man.You're a good man.I've seen how you taked care of your family.??? 你当然可以娶我女儿，年轻人。你的人品很好。我知道你把家人照顾得很好。
Movie Tunes
Gimme some loving---电影“诺丁山”（Notting Hill)
Key words:   Gimme=give me     Take it easy=relax
　　　　　　Make it=success in doing sth. or arrive some place
?
　　　　　　　　　　Action?English ?44 
Movie Dictionary
Cameo? 友情客串  Cameo Rolle? 友情客串角色
American Slang
Can you fill me in on what's going on,sir?   Fill me in on=tell me the details
例句? I can't understand the new computer systerm.Can you fill me in on how it works???? 我不太明白这种新的计算机系统。你能给我详细讲讲么？
?????? I'd like to get filled in on what kind of company this is before I invest.? 在投资之前，我想详细了解一下这家公司的情况。
Classic Film Clips
Captain,can I have a word with you?
Have a word with sb.=want to talk with sb. in private
例句? There was a really cute guy at the meeting.I asked to have a word with him so I can get his phone number.?????? 会上有个不错的小伙子。我想给他聊几句，再问问他电话。
?????? I knew I was in big trouble when the teacher asked to have a word with me after class.? 老师说下课之后要找我谈话，我知道我要倒霉了。
With all due respect? 恕我直言，我冒昧地说一句
例句? I understand what you're saying,but with all due respect I've been studying this topic for a lot longer than you have.???? 我明白你说的。可是恕我直言，我学这个比你时间长多了。
?????? With all due respect,you're just not ready to take responsibility for the entire project.? 我冒昧地说一句，你现在还没这个能力去为整个节目组负责。
?Work my tail off =work very very hard
例句? I've worked my tail off for this company.You can't fire me now.
?????? 我为公司拼命的干活，你不能现在把我炒了。
?????? Mom,I think I deserve a night out.I've worked my tail off to get into Beijing University.? 妈妈，我想我今晚可以出去玩的。为了上北大，我已经在很努力的学了。
Movie Tunes
How Can You Mend A Broken Heart――电影“诺丁山”(Notting Hill)
Key words:  Mend=fix,heal   Younger days=days when he's a young man  Sorrow=very very sad
　　　　　　
Action?English? 45
Movie Dictionary
  Screen Test? 试镜   Audition? 试镜  Camera Shy? 怯场
American Slang
Rendezvous=to meet at a specific time and place?? v.&n.(法语）在特定的时间地点集合
例句? They weren't allowed to be seen together,so they made a rendezvous for Wednesday afternoons.? 人们不许他俩见面，于是他们约定每星期三在一个地方相会。
?????? Today's Friday.Let's rendezvous together for some drinks tonight.?????? 今儿周五，我们晚上找个地方喝几杯吧。
Classic Film Clips
?A lot of those guys look up to you as a big brother.
look up to sb.=admire or respect sb.? 尊敬，敬仰，崇拜
例句? I really look up to Michael Jordan.He's a great basketball player.???? 我非常崇拜迈克尔.乔丹，他是个伟大的篮球运动员。
?????? A lot of people look up to you.You'd better know what you are doing.??? 很多人敬仰你，所以你最好明白你在做什么。
Are you willing to lay their lives on the line?
Lay sth. on the line=want to sacrifice it in order to accomplish your goal? 拿…注，拿…开玩笑，冒险
例句? I was really laying it on the line when I told my coach I couldn't go to the game,because he would kicked me off the team.??? 跟教练说我不去参加比赛真的是在冒险，因为教练很有可能把我踢出球队。
?????? She was laying it on the line when she bet 5000 on the boxing match.? 她用5000块钱去赌拳击，真的是在开玩笑。
If you're wrong,you suffer the consequences.? 要是你决策失误，后果全部由你一人承担。
Suffer the consequences=accept the fact of your decision whether it's good or bad? 后果自负
例句? After he refused his family's help,he have to suffer the consequences alone.??? 他在拒绝家里帮助之后，只能后果自负了。
?????? You either plead the guilty now,or suffer the consequences.???? 要么现在招供，要么后果自负。（法庭中常用语）
影片对白：
You and Mr Emmett are good friends  （你和埃米特是好朋友）
you went to the Academy together  （你们是大学时的同学）
would you be willing to sacifice his life?  （你就不怕失去生命吗？）
or what about some of the younger enlisted men?  （还有那些年轻的水兵们）
you know , a lot of those guys look up to you like a big brother 
（他们很多人把你当大哥看待）
you willing to lay their lives on the line ?  （你忍心他们面对牺牲吗？）
you see ?you hesitate   （看来你犹豫了）
but as a captain , you can't   （可作为艇长，你不能犹豫）
you have to act （你必须行动）
if you don't ,you put the entire crew at risk（如果你还不行动大家都得面临威胁）
now that's the job it's not a science （这里是战场，不是课堂）
you have to be able to make hard decisions based on imperfect information
（你必须能够在有限的情报下作出果断的决定）
asking men to carry out orders that may   result in their deaths 
（给他们下达的任务可能会叫他们丧命）
and if you're wrong , you suffer the consequences （如果你错了，后果将由你自负）
Movie Tunes
You've Got A friend In Me---电影“玩具总动员”（Toy Story)
You've Got A??Friend In Me   You've got a friend in me   you've got a friend in me 
When the road looks rough   ahead , and you're miles   and miles from your nice 
and warm bed , just remember   what your old pal said   you've got a friend in me 
you've got a friend in me   
Key words: rough, nice and warm, pal(friend/buddy)?

Action?English?  46
Movie Dictionary
?Ensemble Cast? 全明星阵容
American Slang
?That radio's history.? 无线电报销了。
Sb./sth. is history=lost one's power/be no longer important
例句? That girl's history.I dumped her three monthes ago.
??????  ?那个姑娘已经是过去时了。我三个月前就把她甩了。
??????  That apartment is history.I really hate that.So I moved here.
??????  我不喜欢原来的公寓，再也不住了。所以我搬到这个地方。
Classic Film Clips
?Fire off a Mayday signal
Fire sth. off= to do it quickly? 
A Mayday signal? 航海航空中所发出的紧急信号
例句? Tell the boss I'll fire off the fax as soon as possible.?????? 告诉老板我会尽快把传真发出去的。
?????? Hey,why don't we go to the arcade first and fire off a few rounds of virtual golf??????? 嘿，我们先去游戏厅吧，玩几局虚拟高尔夫。
?????? Arcade? 电子游戏厅    ?????? Virtual golf? 虚拟高尔夫（一种电子游戏）
Get out of the mess? 理清头绪    Get into the mess? 陷入困境
例句? I don't know how to get out of this mess.It seems that my only options will get me into more trouble.
????? ? 我真不知道怎么把头绪理清，好像我干什么都会越来越不顺。
???? ?? How did I get myself into the mess.One minute I'm happy from playing cards,and next I owe 500.
??? ??? 我是怎么陷入这场困境的呢？一开始我还玩得不错，转眼间就亏了500块。
Take our goddamned chances? 
Take one's chance=make a risky decision? 碰运气，赌一把
例句? The store closes in half an hour.Let's take our chances and see if we can make it in time.
??????  商店半小时之后就关门了。我们碰碰运气，看能不能及时赶到。
?????? I don't know if we are allowed to ride skateboard here.But let's take our chances and see if we get caught.??? 我不知道这个地方是否允许玩滑板。不过我们试试看，看能不能被逮到。
Movie Tunes
Shrek And Karaoke Time----电影“怪物史莱克”（Shrek)
Key words:  Please me=to do sth. to make me happy
           Let me down=disappoint me/make me unhappy
           wilderness=crazy and exciting things
?
Action?English? 47
Movie Dictionary
?Musical? 音乐歌舞片
American Slang
?See to it=take care of successfully? 关照，负责
例句? You'd better see to it that the report gets done on time. Otherwise , the boss is gonna be angry.?? 你最好确保让报告按时完成，不然老板要发火的。
?????? Don't worry about Grandma.I'll see to it that she takes her medicine eveyday.?????? 别担心奶奶的事。我会关照好她每天按时服药。
Classic Film Clips
Go up against sth./sb.=meet in a battle or competition,especially your competitor is much more powerful than you.? 遭遇
例句? I can't believe I have to go up against Agassi.He's won the tournament 3 years in a row.?????? 真不敢相信我怎么会遭遇到阿加西。他在这个赛事中一连3年都是冠军。
?????   It's very hard to make it as a pop star.You have to go up against a lot of competition.??? 作流行明星不容易，你要遭遇很多很多的竞争。
?It doesn't get much prettier than that.=It couldn't be better.再好不过了最好的。
例句? Look at the guy.He swings at the ball.It doesn't get much prettier than that.??? 你看那家伙，他挥棒击球的动作，真是棒啊！
?????? This deal is perfectly laid out.Everyone is gonna get a good share of profits.It doesn't get much prettier than that.?????? 这笔交易设计得不错，人人有份，再好不过了。
Busted? 1.=broken? 坏的
???????????? 2.=be caught? 被逮到
例句? One of the wheels on my car is busted.So I have to take bus today.
???? ?? 我汽车上的一只轮子坏了。所以今天我得坐公交车。
 ?????? What's got into you?  ??? 你怎么了？
??? ??? I got busted by my parents last night,because I was staying out too late.?? 我昨晚在外面玩得太晚，被我父母逮住了。
Movie Tunes
I Wanna Be Loved By You―电影“热情似火”
Key words:wanna,alone,boop boop te do（no special meaning in it, but just make the song sounds happier and much more lively)

Action?English? 48
Movie Dictionary
?Sit-com=situational comedy?? 情景喜剧
American Slang
?Sweet dreams,chief.       Chief? 在俚语中，用于称呼你尊敬的人，他可以没有什么实际的头衔官阶，相当于我们平时说的“头儿，老大……”
例句? Hey chief, where do you think we go dancing tonight?
????? ? 嘿chief，你说今晚我们去哪里跳舞？
?????? I don't know what to say to the girls.You're the chief,why don't you go talk to them????? 我不知道怎么跟这帮姑娘讲话。你是chief，你去跟她们说吧。
Classic Film Clips
?Be a little fuzzy about/on=neither remember nor understand the details? 对……不是很清楚，很明白
例句? I saw the movie Run Lora Run a long time ago.I'm a little fuzzy about what happens in the end.???? 我很久以前看过“疾走罗拉”这部电影，但是结尾怎么回事有点记不清楚了。
??????  I'm a little fuzzy about the instructions your dad gave me.???? 你爸爸跟我说的我不太明白。
     Go get them=give sth. your best try? 尽一切努力去试试吧
例句? You've been training for this tourament all year.Go get them.
??????  你为这个比赛训练了一年了。去吧，你肯定行的！
??????  I know you're a little bit nervous about your job interview.But I think you do great.Go get them.??? 我知道你去面试有点紧张。但是你很棒的，你一定行，去试试吧。
Be running out of time=don't have enough time left to accomplish your goal? 时间快没了，机会快没了。
例句? We're running out of time.The report is due in 15 minutes,and we're still not finishing yet.? 我们快没时间了。这个报告15分钟后就得交，可我们现在还没做完。
????? ? There're only 3 games left in regular season play.The New York Yankees are running out of time to make the playoffs.??? 常规赛季还剩下3场比赛，纽约人队已经没什么机会去进入季后赛了。
Movie Tunes
?Be My Baby电影“辣身舞”（Dirty Dancing)
Key words:baby,so,let you go,proud of 

Action?English ?49
Movie Dictionary
Sequel? 续集
American Slang
?Cute act? 小伎俩
例句? I've heard all these excuses before.I'm not falling for your cute act this time.I know you were out last night untill 4am.? 你的那些借口我都听够了，我这次不会再被你的小伎俩蒙骗了。我知道你昨晚在外面鬼混，早上4点才回来。
????????? Listen,if you drop the cute act and ask me honestly,I'll tell you the truth.???? 听着，你要是不耍这些小花招，老老实实地问我的话，我会告诉你实情的。
Classic Film Clips
He had them swapped out to fool the scanners.
Swap=trade or exchange sth.? 交换，更换。
例句? I didn't like the color of my jacket.So I went back to the store and swapped it for another one.? 我不喜欢这件外套的颜色，于是我返回店里换了另外一件。
???? ?? My brother and I accidently swapped school bags this morning.So I didn't have my homework for English class.Boy ,did I sure get into trouble.???? 今早我和我哥哥把书包给拿错了，结果到英语课上我没能交上作业。你说，是不是很麻烦。
Crawl your way out of one hole,just to find yourself in another? 祸不单行
Crawl your way out of one hole? 摆脱困境
例句? What?Your girlfriend found out you lied to her.I'd like to see you crawl your way out of the hole.
???? ?? 什么？你的女朋友发现你骗了她。好吧，我倒要看看你怎么解决。
??????  Bad luck today.First I sprained my ankle,now I break my leg.Talk about finally crawling your way out of one hole,just to find yourself in another.??? 今天太背了！我先是把脚踝扭伤，现在腿又骨折了。正所谓祸不单行啊。
Dig up the past=bring back attention to old issues or just bad memories.? 旧事重提
例句? Every time I see Lily,I get very upset.She's always trying to dig up the past.???? 我每次见到Lily都会弄得很不愉快。她总想旧事重提。
?????? Let's not dig up the past.I'm sick to fighting about things that happened 10 years ago.?? 我们别再翻旧账了好么。都过去十年了，现在提起还有什么意思啊。
Movie Tunes
Hungry Eyes―电影“辣身舞”（Dirty Dancing)
Key words:get you in my sight,disguise,magic

Action?English ?50
Movie Dictionary
?Child star? 童星   Child actor? 儿童演员
American Slang
He came to see you right before he got tagged.
Got tagged=be caught? 被逮住
例句? He got tagged last night for drinking beer in the park.
? ????? 他昨晚在公园喝啤酒，被逮到了。
??? ??? I hope the principle doesn't tag us for skipping classes.
???? ?? 希望我们逃课不会被校长抓到。
Classic Film Clips
?Tap into=get inside and uncover sth. or get sth. better? 深入了解，进一步了解
例句? I'd really like to tap into the overseas market.I think there's a lot of business opportunities there.
?????? 我很想探寻海外市场。我觉得那有很多商业机会。
??? ??? To understand the American slang you really have to tap into the whole culture.
?? ???? 想学习美国俚语的话，你真的需要进一步了解它的整体文化。
?In order to see the light,you have to risk the dark.? 不入虎穴，焉得虎子。
See the light=learn and accept the full truth and the situation? 明白真相
例句? Hopefully one day she'll see the light and realize that he's all wrong for her.????? 希望有一天她会看清事实，明白他并不适合她。
????? Before I got into the accident,I never wore a seat belt.Now that I've seen the light,I wear one all the time.????? 在出事故之前，我从不系安全带。可既然我已经知道了它的重要性，我就总是戴着它。
?When the chips are down,when the pressure is on…………
When the chips are down? 在你最无助,最脆弱的时候
例句? You are always there for me when the chips are down.I know I can always count on you.
??  ????每当我最无助的时候,你都在那里默默的支持我。我明白,我可以一直信赖你。
???? ?? When the chips are down,you have to rely on your family for support.
???? ?? 当你最无助的时候,家是给你支持的地方。
Movie Tunes
?The Time Of My Life---电影“辣身舞”（Dirty Dancing)
Key words: 
The time of my life=the best time,the happiest time
I swear,owe all to you

动感英语笔记Action English 1-50




- 1 -


