ACTION ENGLISH  101
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
?reaction shot?? 反应镜头
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语  from <batman returns>
?no sweat?? it means no problem or is no trouble .?? 没问题，别客气。
e.g. It’s no sweat for me to drive you to work .  I’m going in the same direction. 
   稍你一程不会耽误我太长时间的，       我和你顺路啊。
　“Thanks for helping me with my homework”.  “no sweat” !
   谢谢你帮我辅导功课。                     没关系啊！?
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1.  I’ll take care of the squealing.
   take care of ????it means to take responsibility for something .?? 处理某事
e.g. Honey! Don’t worry about the dishes. I’ll take care of them. 
　　亲爱的！你别管那些盘子了。我来刷它们。
   I’ll go buy the movie tickets.   You take care of the popcorn. 
　　我去买电影票，你来买爆米花吧。
2. ?pinhead??it means someone who’s stupid .?? 傻帽，蠢。
e.g. I’ve told you a million times what my address is , you pinhead !
   我可告诉你N多遍我家的住址了，傻哥们儿！????
   Don’t listen to my litter brother.he is a pinhead! 
   你可别听我弟弟说的话，他就是个蠢蛋！
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟  from 《曼哈顿女佣》?
‘I’m coming out’我将一举成名
?The time has come for me to break out of the shell  ??时机已到，我即将脱颖而出 
??I have to shot   ??我要大声呼喊   ??I’m coming out . ??我将一举成名 
#??break out of the shell 脱颖而出

ACTION ENGLISH  102
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Handheld shot    手持摄影
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Jerk   意思是 a foolish or rude person
一般有三个意思：①笨蛋②很怪的人③不懂事，很粗鲁，很让人不舒服的人
e.g. That guy is such a jerk. He told me I was fat. 那家伙太粗鲁了，他说我胖！
   My boss is a jerk, he always make us work late every night and doesn’t pay us for it.
   我老板是个古怪的人，他总是让我们工作到很晚，还从来不给加班费。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
1．I just couldn’t live with myself. 
live with myself 意思是不感到内疚；心安理得（多用于否定句中）
e.g. If I ever got kicked out of university, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.
   如果我被学校开除，我会很内疚的。
I can’t believe you swore at your dad. How can you live with yourself?
我不敢相信你诅咒你爸爸。你怎么还可以这么心安理得？
2．Got enough in there to finish someone off
finish someone off 意思是 kill somebody 杀死某人或者给某人以重击
e.g. He had a horrible life, and when his wife died, it really finished him off.
   他的生活太悲惨了，当他妻子去世的时候，几乎要了他的命
   He had no bullets in his gun, so he couldn’t finish you off.  他枪里没有子弹， 所以他杀不了你。
3．One way to find out   这是发现真相的唯一办法，等于 this is the only way to discover the truth
e.g. “I wonder what this letter says,”  “There’s only one way to find out C open it!”
   “我想知道信里说什么”“只有一个方法――打开它”
　　If you want to know if she’ll go out with you, there’s only one way to find out C you have to ask her.
     如果你想知道她会不会跟你出去，只有一个办法――你去问问她
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 



ACTION ENGLISH  103
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Rating  电影分级
美国电影的级：G－general  PG－ parental guidance   etc.
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
like, chill out Scoopy Doo!      chill out  意思是冷静点，放松点
e.g. He’s been working very hard the past couple of months so I think he just needs to go on holiday and chill out for a bit. 他最近几个月太努力工作了，我觉得他应该放个假休息一下。
I’m sick of studying at weekends. I just want to chill out. 我就讨厌在周末学习，我想要的是放松一下。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1．Get up to speed   两个意思，1. 你的速度落后了，你得追回去；2. 了解最新的事态发展。
e.g. I really need to get up to speed on this project before I give my presentation next week.
   在下周我做介绍之前，得看看这个工程的最新进展了。
   We’ve only got one week of training, there’s no way I can get up to speed with everything in that time.
   我们只培训了一周，绝对不可能在那么短的时间内超过去。
2．lug 通常用lug something 表示吃力的，不情愿的拖或者拽什么东西
e.g. If we go for a drink after work, I want to go home first so I don’t have to lug my briefcase around all night.  
   如果我们下班后去喝一杯的话，我想先回家一趟，这样就不用整晚上都提着我的公文包了。
   Last week we went shopping, I had to lug my wife’s purchases all over Wangfujing. 
   上周我们去购物了，我提着我老婆买的那些个东西穿过了整个王府井大街。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟   From << the wall >>
“ Another brick in the wall “
Pink Floyed 
Snapshot 快照


ACTION ENGLISH  104
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Focus    焦点
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
I call dibs on its clues.    Call dibs 通常指你有权利（要求）怎么样，怎么做。经常是 call dibs on
e.g. I paid for the beer so I called dibs on the last bottle. 啤酒是我付钱的，所以我有权喝最后一杯。
   I get carsick in the back seat so I call dibs on the front seat. 我坐在后排晕车，我有权要求坐在前面。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. Fishy 等于 suspicious 可疑的
e.g. That guy over there in the hat and dark glasses looks very fishy.
   那边那个家伙，就是那个戴帽子和墨镜的家伙，看起来很可疑。
   I thought it was supposed to cost 100 kuai, but the guy charged me 50. Very fishy.
   我觉得那个东西大概值100元，但是那个家伙只要了我50元，事有可疑。
2.  Dos and Don’ts 等于 该做的和不该做的。
e.g. He always dressed badly. It’s like he’s got no idea about fashion dos and don’ts.
   他穿的总是没品味。好像他不知道潮流的好与不好。
   It’s difficult traveling to new countries as it takes a while to learn all their cultural dos and don’ts.
   去国外旅游并不那么容易，因为需要你花时间了解他们的文化中什么事可以做，什么事不可以。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
《the wall》   comfortably numb 


ACTION ENGLISH  105
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Spot light    聚光灯
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
We have three suspects as to who’s behind this evil hooty. 电影中原句
behind being behind something or somebody 意思是对什么负责任，支持什么
e.g. At school I was behind starting a debating society. It was my idea and I developed it.
   在学校是我发起的辩论社团，这是我的主意，也是我发起的。
   There are a few shareholders behind this new investment but all the rest are opposed.
   只有少数股东支持这个投资，但是其他都反对。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1．I have a sinking feeling. 有不祥的预感。
e.g. I have a sinking feeling that we’re going to lost the game today.
   我有个不祥的预感，我们今天会输掉比赛。
　I knew something was going to go wrong. I had a sinking feel that all yesterday that we weren’t prepared.  我知道有问题了。我昨天有不祥的预感我们并没有准备好。
2．Get the heck out of here  尽快离开什么地方
e.g. The building is on fire, we need to get the heck out of here. 这个大楼着火了，我们必须尽快这里。
   The bar is too expensive. I think we should get the heck out of here and find somewhere now.
   这个酒吧太贵了，我想我们应该赶快离开这里，然后找个新的地方。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“the time of your life”


ACTION ENGLISH  106
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Post recording   后期录音
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
where in the world are they going without to get one of those ? （电影中原句）
where in the world 意思是 it’s another way of saying something is very difficult to locate 究竟在哪？到底在哪？world没有意义，只是个加强语气的词
e.g. I think we’re completely lost. We’ve been driving around for hours and I’ve got no idea where in the world we are.  我想我们彻底迷路了，我们在这开车兜了几个小时但是还是不知道我们究竟在哪。
   It’s the middle of summer so where in the world are you going to skiing?
   现在正直酷暑，你究竟要到哪里去滑雪！
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． giving me my own nickname.
nickname 指绰号、外号，非正式的名字,等于informal name。it’s usually called by close friend .??昵称(用于密友间).正式的名字用normal name.
e.g. I don’t know him very well. We don’t call each other by nicknames yet.
   我还不是很了解他。我们彼此之间还不用昵称称呼对方。
   He was very popular at school. Everyone knew his nickname.
   他在学校特别受欢迎，所有人都知道他的外号。
2． part of the gang.
gang is used to describe a group of friends  指一群人
part of the gang: it means to be a member or to be included of a group of friends
e.g. I really enjoyed university. I was part of a great gang of friends.
   我真的很喜欢大学。我有很多好哥们。
   He’s been longly recently since he moved out of the neighborhood, I think he feels like he’s not part of the gang anymore. 最近他从我们旁边搬走后，就很孤独。我想他觉得他再也融不进我们这群人里了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
Together


ACTION ENGLISH   107
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
super star  超级明星 have the power to bring the audience to watch the film
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
You are dumping Lin? 你把琳给甩了？
dump somebody 意思是把谁踢掉，甩掉，蹬了。与其要比break up强烈
e.g. He’s been depressed the last few days as his girlfriend just dumped him.
   他这些天一直很郁闷，因为他女朋友把他甩了。
   He kept going out late to bars so finally his girlfriend got so fed up and dumped him. Now she’s with somebody else.
   他总是在晚上去那个酒吧，他女朋友终于受不了然后把他甩了。现在她已经有别人了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1．have (such) a huge flaw  意思是你犯了大错误，出了大问题。it means to have something significant wrong or it’s a big problem .
e.g. This business plan has a huge flaw, we’re never going to make any money if we follow it.
   这个商业计划有很大的问题，如果我们照上面的做是不会赚钱的。
2．have high standards      High standards 只是照对象谈男女朋友的时候眼光很高
e.g. She would never agree to go out with me. Her standards are far too high.
   她是绝对不会同意和我出去的。她的要求很高。
3．completely out of someone’s league 意思是指和谁不是一路人，不是一个等级的人
e.g. She works in a great job. She’s really intelligent and she’s very good looking. Basically she’s totally out of my league. So I don’t think I will bother to call her. 
   她工作那么出色，有很聪明，也非常漂亮。基本上她和我不是一路人。我也不用去打扰她了。
   She is out of my league, forget it.   她和我不是一路人，别想了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟   From 《 Here On Earth 》
“ where you are ”
there are times I swear I know you're here
I forget about my fears, feeling you my dear
watching over me, my hope sees
what the future will bring
when you wrap me in your wings and take me
* where you are

ACTION ENGLISH   108
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
subtitle  字幕
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
come up 意思是it occurs or happens unexpectedly 什么突发时间突然发生了，产生了，是没想到的。
e.g. We were supposed to go on holidays last week but something came up at work and we had to stay.
   I’m sorry I was late for the meeting, something came up at home. 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. I’m trying to lose a couple of Lbs.   Lbs 是 pounds 的简称。
e.g. All he eats at the moment are hamburgers and hot dogs. I think he’s gaining a few Lbs.
2. I bet you’re right! 我非常同意你的看法。
bet somebody is right 同意某人的看法
e.g. I bet she’s right about the Yankees wining the World Series this year.
3.looking for   寻找。等于 find
e.g. I’ve been looking for a very good girlfriend for months but there just aren’t any in Beijing.
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ The power of love ”


ACTION ENGLISH   109
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
indoor shot  室内摄影
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
grow up   成熟一点
e.g. I think she should stop wasting her time with her make-up and men and grow up a little.
   我觉得她应该停止把时间花在化妆品和男人身上，应该成熟一点了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Do you mind if I take a little sliver?
do you mind 意思是please or asking to be able to do something，我可以做什么么？
e.g. If there’s no one sitting here, do you mind if we use the extra chairs?
   如果这里没人坐，我可以用用这些椅子么？
   I hear that you’re going to see a movie tonight. Do you mind if I come along?
   我听说你今天晚上要去看电影，介意我和你一起去么？
2． as deep as a puddle 
deep 两个意思，一个指深度（物理意义上的），一个指思想深刻。
e.g. He’s only interested in football, pizza and beer. He’s not very deep.
   他只对足球，比萨饼和啤酒感兴趣，不是思想深刻的人。
3． break something off 等于dump或者break up 指男女朋友之间分手
e.g. They were engaged but they broke off the engagement when she had to move to Africa.
   他们订婚了，但是当她要搬到非洲去的时候，他们取消了婚约。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Love Grows ”
Magical spell 魔力


ACTION ENGLISH  110
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
war film    战争片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
She should be here any minute. 
any minute 意思是随时，时间来得很快，马上就可能发生，等于it will be very soon
e.g. The baseball game has been going for 3 hours, so it should be finished any minute now. 
   棒球比赛已经进行了3个小时，所以现在随时都有可能结束。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Can I have a word with you?
have a word with somebody 意思是 talk to somebody 跟谁谈一下，有点严肃的，且时间比较短的。
e.g. My son keeps getting home very late at night. I think I need to have a word with him about what the rules are.   我儿子每天都很晚才回家，我想我得跟他谈谈，是不是该立个规矩。
   I think I need to have a word with my boss about getting a raise（加薪水） next month.
   我想我得跟我老板谈谈，下个月得给我加薪水。
2． I’ve gotta to catch a plane. 我要去赶飞机。
catch + 交通工具, 表示赶，乘坐，和take的意思差不多。比如，catch a bus, catch a train, catch a plane.
e.g. It takes eight hours to get there on a bus so I’m going to catch a train instead.
   要坐8个小时的汽车才能到那，我还是去坐火车好了。
   I’m running late for the meeting so I think I’ll catch a taxi. 
   我开会就要赤道了，我想我还是打个出租车吧。
3. pep talk 鼓励别人的话，激发别人的话
e.g. Before each match kicks off(体育比赛开始),the coach gives the team a pep talk.
   每次比赛开始钱，教练总是说一番鼓舞士气的话。
   After I lost my first job my Dad took out to dinner and gave me a pep talk, it really cheered me up.
   我失去了第一份工作，爸爸带我出去吃了一顿，说了一些鼓舞我的话，让我又重新振作起来。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ I think of you ”
语言点： one dream away 
means: although you are far away, I still could dream of you as if you are just here. 

ACTION ENGLISH  111
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
?Vivien Leigh??著名演员费雯丽 
?? Introduction : （Vivien Leigh 1913―1967）英国电影女演员．生于印度大吉岭．原名费雯（维 维安）・玛丽・哈特利。先后在英国和欧洲的教会学校学习。1934年进入英国影界，次年登上伦敦舞台，不久即成为影剧明星。1937年同劳伦斯・奥利弗合拍《英格兰上空的火焰》，其亲密关系成为轰动一时的罗曼史。1940年两人分别同原配离异，重组新家。1939年，战胜几百个对手，争得在《乱世佳人》中饰演郝思嘉，结果获奥斯卡最佳女主角奖和纽约评论奖。1951年在《欲望号街车》中扮演布兰奇，第二次获奥斯卡奖和纽约评论奖。其深刻的心理体验，高超的演技和清秀迷人的容貌征服了观众，成为电影史上最受爱戴的明星之一。因操劳过度以及同奥利弗离婚所带来的精神打击而早逝。死后，整个伦敦艺界为其举哀，葬礼十分隆重。 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
live for  非常喜欢，非常热衷于
e.g. Our team has great fans, they live for soccers.
   Our program has great fans, they live for Action English.
   I love going to the art galleries, I live for paintings.
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
oh, I beg your pardon , ma’am . I’m sorry, my mistake. ---- in the film
1. beg one’s pardon . 两个意思：对不起；打扰一下，请劳驾。（具体译法看上下文）
e.g. A: Hey, you just stepped on my foot!  嘿，你踩我脚了！
   B: Beg you pardon!   对不起啊。
   A: Beg you pardon, but that’s my bicycle you are trying to unlock. 打扰一下，你正在开的自行车是我的
   
   B: Is it? I thought that was mine.   这个？我以为是我的。
2．I hope I didn’t alarm you. ---in the film     alarm somebody  吓到别人
e.g. When I came home last night, I make a lot of noise and alarmed my mom.
   昨天晚上我回家的时候，我弄出很多噪音，吓到我妈了。
   The amount of violence in American media is alarming.
   充斥在美国媒体中的暴力是很惊人的。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
from<prince of Egypt> 埃及王子??‘playing with the big boys now’??成熟之时
语言点： Big boy 意思是大男孩，形容一个人已经不是孩子了，是个大人了。
         High places 意思是 someone has a lot of power 
         Put us on the run 惊吓，等于 scare someone

ACTION ENGLISH   112
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Audrey Hepburn 奥黛丽 赫本
语言点：put somebody on the map  vt.使...闻名,使...公众注意(从Jean的话里听到的)
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
broken hearted    很难过，很悲伤
e.g. After her boyfriend left, she was broken hearted.  她男朋友走后，她非常伤心。
   I do love you. I would be broken hearted if anything bad were to happen to you.
   我真的爱你。如果有什么不幸的事情发生在你身上，我会非常非常难过的。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. You come into some money, don’t you? ---in the film    come into 意思是得到
e.g. How you keep meeting so many girls? Have you come into luck recently?
   你怎么跟那么多女孩约会？最近交好运了么？
   Bob came into some money when his uncle passed away.（过世）
   当鲍勃的叔叔过世时，鲍勃得到很多钱。
2．You’re finished. ---in the film
Someone is finished 意思是某个人没用了，可以走人了，不再需要了。
e.g. If you mess up another account, you’re finished at this company.
   如果你再搞砸了，你就别干了，这个公司不用你了。
   Walk off the stage now, you are finished. You will never be a professional actress.
   从舞台上下来了，你可以走了。你永远不会成为一个职业演员。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
《 the prince of Egypt 》 “ Deliver us ”

Action English   113
Movie dictionary
Ingrid Bergman??英格丽
（Ingrid Bergman 1913―1982） 
American slang 
??oh , do shut up !--- in the film   ?? do在这里表强调，比如：I do love you . 我非常爱你
??shut up 闭嘴 
E g : Will you shut up ?  I can’t study if you keep talking . 
　　请闭嘴好吗？你要再说下去我就没法学习了！
E g : Shut up !  I never said I liked Duran.   Why are you saying that?
　　别瞎说！我可没说过我喜欢Duran啊！你干吗还胡说啊？
Be quiet !??轻些（可以对老板这么说） 
Knock it off = stop doing something . 停止做某事 
Shut up . 闭嘴 备注：以上的语气一个比一个重。
Classic film clips 
#??This job is fast losing its charm --- in the film 
#??lose one’s charm??失去魅力，不再有吸引里 
E g : I used to like riding on the train . But it’s losing its charm. It takes too much time. 
　　过去我喜欢坐火车，但现在渐渐的不那么爱了，因为它花去我太多的时间！
E g : Heaven used to be a popular night club . But it’s losing its charm. It’s too crowded now. 
　　海文酒吧原来可火了，可现在不怎么着了，那里很拥挤。
#??so far??????it means up until now??目前为止 
E g : So far our team hasn’t scored a goal . ????Hopefully we will in the next half of the game . 
??  ??我们队到现在还没进球呢！真希望下半时能进啊！
E g : So far no one’s asked me to the dance .????I don’t want to go by myself . 
　????目前没有一个人约我跳舞去，我可不想自己去啊！
Movie tunes 
#??from <金盟友> ‘shining star’ 闪亮的星
#??wish upon a star 对着星星许愿 
??When you wish upon a star ??当你对着星星许下心愿时
??Dreams will take you very far , yeah ~~~~~~`??梦想会带你到很远的地方
??When you wish upon a dream ??当你对着梦想许愿时 
??Life ain’t always what is seems ??就知道生活是不像你所想象的那样！
此歌传达了生活是令人激动向往的，但是有时也很复杂，你需要好好把握它，并且去体会其中的韵味~~~~~~~ 

ACTION ENGLISH   114
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Marlon Brando 
Date of birth (location) 3 April 1924 Omaha, Nebraska, USA 
Date of death (details) 1 July 2004  Los Angeles, California, USA. (pulmonary fibrosis) 
Mini biography
Marlon Brando is widely considered the greatest movie actor of all time... 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
Dogs have a sixth sense.   sixth sense 意思是第六感，也就是直觉。
e.g. If you want to know if your husband’s cheating on you, ask my grandpa. He’s got a sixth sense about these things.
   如果你想知道你老公有没有欺骗你，去问我爷爷。他对这种事情有第六感。
   My mother’s got a sixth sense, she knows when it’s going to rain.
   我妈有第六感，天要下雨的时候她能感觉出来。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． in plain sight 就在你眼前，很容易看见。等于 very easy to see
e.g. I can’t believe I left my diary in plain sight, what if my girlfriend reads it?
   我简直不敢相信我居然把日记放在眼皮底下，要是我女朋友看见了怎么办？
   How could you not notice that girl? She was in plain sight all night.
   你怎么可能没有注意到那个女孩。她整晚一直都在那啊。
2． the last laugh 赢到最后，最后的胜利
e.g. The other team had the last laugh: they scored 3 goals in the final minutes of the game. 
   那个球队赢到最后，他们在最后的几分钟内连进三个球。
   Everyone thought I was stupid, but I got the last laugh when I was accepted to Harvard.
   大家都觉得我蠢，但是我笑到了最后，我被哈佛大学录取了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Miss You ” 歌手:rolling stones 专辑:40 licks 
I've been holding out so long  I've been sleeping all alone   lord i miss you
I’ve been hanging on the phone  I've been sleeping all alone  I want to kiss you 
oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
well, I've been haunted in my sleep  you've been staring in my dreams  lord i miss you.
i've been waiting in the hall  been waiting on your call  when the phone rings…….


ACTION ENGLISH   115
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
pull-back dolly 拉摄移动镜头
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语  《 proof of life 》 
I’ll be on my best behavior.
on one’s best behavior 行为举止得体，经常用于大人说小孩 ，大人也可以用来说自己，通常有调侃的意味。
e.g. She had too much drink. She wasn’t on her best behavior. 
   她喝太多了，不像她的举止了。
I told him he would have to be on his best behavior all day, if he wanted to go to the zoo tomorrow.
我告诉他，如果他明天想去动物园，那么他今天的就要乖一些。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1.You’re nothing but humanitarian window-dressing. ------from the movie
window-dressing 用装饰门面的手段吸引人，指装装样子
e.g. Those politicians talk about improving our society, but they’re just window-dressing. They really only care about making money.
   那些政客说改善我们的社会，其实就是在装样子，他们真正关心的是挣钱。
   She was telling me how much she has changed but I think it’s just window-dressing. Underneath she’s the same.  她告诉我她改变了很多，但我认为那只是表面现象，实际内心还是原来的她。
2. We got nailed. ------from the movie   to get nailed??陷入大麻烦；要受重罚。
e.g. They got nailed on that deal when instead they should have made a lot of money.
   他们原本在那笔交易中能挣很多钱，但是他们却遇到了大麻烦。
   The headmaster caught me smoking and absolutely nailed me.
   校长在我抽烟的时候把我擒住了，他要重重地罚我。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ yes we can ”
语言点： iron out one’s problem = fix the problem = make the problem go away  解决问题
         live as brothers = live in peace


ACTION ENGLISH  116
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
film noir 黑色电影
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
proof of life 用于绑架事件中确认人质的死活时常用的词
Rang me with a sob story. --- in the film      sob story 用来骗取人同情的煽情的故事
e.g. I can’t be bothered talking to her anymore; all she has is sob story.
   我再也不能忍受和她说话了，她只会说些个煽情的故事。
   My brother told me a real sob story. So I lend him $10.
   我弟弟给我讲了个十分煽情的故事，所以我借给他10美元。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． He’s going to make one last contact.C in the film
make (a) contact  跟谁联络，跟谁打招呼,等于 to talk or communicate with someone
e.g. As soon as he lands in Singapore, he’s going to make contact with me. 
   他一到新加坡，就会跟我联络。
   I need to make contact with my boss before I leave.
   走之前我得跟老板打个招呼。
2． This is very positive. － in the film
positive 意思是好，不错。等于good
e.g. After they lost the match, he wasn’t feeling very positive.
   他们输了比赛以后，他感觉很郁闷。
   This deal sounds positive, I think it will work well.
   这单生意挺起来很不错嘛，我觉得一定能行。 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
“ Me and Julio down by the schoolyard ” 
语言点：take somebody away = take somebody to jail

ACTION ENGLISH  117
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
filter  滤色镜
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
We need to clear out. --- in the film
clear out（ of ） 从某一个(危险)的地方撤出去
e.g. We need to clear out of the room, so they can prepare for the next event.
   我们要撤出这个房间，这样他们就可以为接下来的活动做准备。
   As soon as you hear the fire alarm you need to clear out of the building as soon as possible.
   当你听到警报的时候，你必须尽快从楼里撤出来。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． They put a magnifying glass on it. C in the film
put a magnifying glass on something 意思是要非常仔细认真的分析和思考某一个事情
e.g. You really need to put a magnifying glass on any contract before signing it.
   在签署任何合同前，都要认真想好。
   The plan’s good, but we’re going to put a magnifying glass on it to look for any small mistakes.
   这个计划不错，但是我们还是要认真看看，有没有什么小错误。
2． The host with the most. 等于 someone is a very good host. 某人是个很好的主人
e.g. My parties are excellent I’m the host with the most.
   我的派对很不错，我可是个很好的主人。
   There was no beer or food at his place. He’s not exactly the host with the most.
   他那既没有啤酒也没有食物，他可不是个很好的主人。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ All day and all of the night ”

ACTION ENGLISH   118
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
jump cut 跳切
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
I don’t know what you’re holding out hope for. Cin the film 
hold out hope　在不好的情况下还对某种事情抱有希望
e.g. The plan crashed four days ago, but they’re still holding out hope of finding more survivors.
   飞机失事已经4天了，但他们仍然保佑希望，希望能找到更多的生还者。
   We lost the game yesterday, so we don’t hold out hope of getting to the finals.
   我们昨天比赛输了，所以我们对于进入决赛已经不抱希望了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Do you step for Peter? C in the film
step up for （在不利的情况下）给予支持，帮助
e.g. When I was getting criticized in that meeting no one stepped out for me.
   当我在会议中收到批评的时候，没有人站出来支持我。
   If you get into trouble, I’ll step out and help you out.
   如果你遇到麻烦，我一定站出来帮助你走出困境。
2．a briefing  简要的汇报
e.g. We’re gonna have a briefing from the boss later on today.  
   今天晚些时候老板要给我们一个简要的会议。
   Don’t miss the briefing tomorrow or else you will find the word very hard to do.
   不要错过明天的会议，否则你会发现工作很难做。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Grow for me ” 


ACTION ENGLISH   119
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
wardrobe  道具服装
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语    《 Fargo 》(中文译名《冰雪暴》)
It was a mix up, I guess. C in the film
mix up 意思是误解，误会，什么事情你搞乱了。等于 a misunderstanding or confusion
e.g. I thought you said we’re going to meet on Park street not on Main street. What a mix up!
   我以为你说我们在Park大街见面，而不是Main大街。多大的误会啊！
   If it wasn’t for the mix up, I would have been here on time.
   如果是不因为误会，我肯定会准时到达的。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． It’s a chunk. C in the film
chunk 意思是大量的，等于 a large amount 
e.g. I won quite a chunk of money in the lottery.
   我中了彩票，赢了一打笔钱。
   That hairdresser just cut a chunk of my hair off. It’s so short now.
   那个理发师剪掉了我那么多头发，现在这么短了。
2． before it gets kicked up to me.  C in the film
kick up / kick over (to) 意思是递给，转给某人， 等于transfer
e.g. After you’re done reading the paper, will you kick it over to me?
   你看完报纸后能不能给我看看？
   If you’re not happy with those jeans, kick them up to me. I really like them.
   如果你不喜欢这些牛仔，给我吧，我真的很喜欢他们。
3． no dice 等于no way 或者no chance  没门，没戏，没可能
e.g. I asked my Dad if I could borrow his car, but he said no dice.
   我问我老爸能不能借他的车，他说不行。
   My sister said no dice when I asked her if I could come to the club with her.
   我问我姐姐我能不能和她一起去俱乐部，她说“你别做梦了”。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Flip, Flop and Fly ”
语言点：get the blues = get sad 
       rocking chair 摇椅



ACTION ENGLISH   120
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
soft light 柔光（可以使光线变得很柔和）
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
We want all of you to come with. C in the film    come with 一同去，一道去。等于 to come along
e.g. We’re going to the movies, wanna come with?   我们要去看电影，一起来么？
   I’m going shopping, why don’t you come with?   我们要去购物，你为什么不一起来呢？
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． slipped my mind C in the film   slip one’s mind 忘记了什么事情 等于forget
e.g. I’m sorry I forgot your birthday. It must have slipped my mind.
   对不起我不记得是你生日，肯定是我忘记了。
   You’d better remind Angela about the meeting. These things tend to slip her mind.
   你最好提醒Angela会议的事情。她总是忘记这种事情。
2． You’re smooth. C in the film
smooth 意思是施展魅力来完成某个结果，达到某个目的。表示为人处事的方式。等于 they’re charming and able to get what they want
e.g. He’s smooth! Did you see how he just got that girl’s phone number?
   他太厉害了。你看见他是怎么搞到那个女孩的电话的？
   We need to be really smooth in the meeting today if we want to close the deal.
   如果想谈成这单生意，今天的会议上我们就必须圆滑一些。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Color of the night ” 
语言点： open up to somebody = share 


ACTION ENGLISH  121
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
long take 长镜头
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
call the shots = making the decision 拿主意，做决定
e.g. Why do you always get to call the shots? I want to make some decisions too.
   为什么总是你拿主意？我也想做做决定。
   Don’t ask me when we get off work, I don’t call the shots around here.
   不要问我几点下班，在这儿我说了可不算。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． got yourself mixed up in. C in the film
get mixed up (in) 意思是卷入什么事情，这种事情通常有负面影响 it means to get involved and endangered on something
e.g. He got mixed up with the wrong people.
   他跟那些不应该在一起的人搅在一起了。
   I don’t know how I got mixed up in the fighting.
   我也搞不清楚，怎么他们之间的打斗我卷进去了。
2． no rough stuff = things of violent nature 暴力，打架
e.g. If I leave you two alone, no rough stuff! You have to try and get along.
   我把你们两个单独留在这，不准打架！你们要试着友好相处。
   The referee told the players to cut out rough stuff.
   裁判员让球员不要打架。（这里cut out的意思是stop）
3．a deal’s a deal. 照合同办事，已经达成交易 等于you have to follow through with the agreement
   We agreed to these conditions, you can’t back out now. A deal is a deal.
   我们都同意了这些条件，你不能反悔了。必须照合同办事。
   I don’t care if you found a better price; a deal is a deal. You still have to pay me.
   你找到更合适的价钱与我无关，你必须要照合同办事付我钱。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
“ Burning Love ” 


ACTION ENGLISH   122
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
hard light 硬光
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
What’s with you people? C in the film
what’s with you? 意思是你没事吧，没关系吧。等于 what’s wrong with you? 
e.g. Duran, what’s with you, you seem very sad today.
   Duran你怎么了，你今天看起来很不高兴。
   I don’t know what’s with her today; she’s been smiling all day. Must have been a good date!
   我不知道今天她发生了什么事情，她一天都在笑，肯定过了一个很愉快的约会。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. keep it real short C in the film
real short 意思是很快的，时间很短的，等于short
e.g. I’m not staying long, this visit’s going to be real short.
   我不在这呆长了，我在这的时间很短。
   OK, everybody, let’s keep this meeting real short so we can all get home for dinner.
   好，大家听着，我们这个会很快就结束，这样大家就可以回家吃饭了。
2．run a tight ship 对人或者事情很严格很严厉 means you are very strict
e.g. My mother runs a tight ship; she makes me mop the floor every day.
   我妈妈对我要求很严格，要我天天拖地。
   Coach makes us run 10kms before very practice. He runs a tight ship.
   教练让我们每次比赛前跑10千米，他真的很严格。
3．get snippy (with sb.) 等于 to be rude 尖刻，无理，粗暴
e.g. My girlfriend gets snippy when I tell her I’m going out with the boys.
   当我告诉我女朋友我要和那些男生出去的时候，我女朋友变得很粗暴。
   Just because you don’t get your way, it doesn’t mean you have to get snippy.
   事情不按你想的那样进行并不意味着你就得这么粗暴。 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ with a few good friends ”

Action?English  123
Movie?Dictionary
?New?wave?新浪潮 （在某一时期所有的思想和潮流）
American?Slang
sweat?担心什么/因为什么而沮丧
E.g.? He?is?sweating?his?exams?.He?knows?he?hasn't?studied?enough?.
　　他一直为他的考试而担心，因为他明白自己没准备好。
　　We'll?definitely?beat?them?next?time?around?,we?don't?sweat?it?that?we?lost?today?
　　下次比赛我们一定能打败他们，所以别为今天的失利而沮丧。
Classic film clips 经典对白 -- Dr. Dolittle2 《怪医杜利德2》
（1）He's starting to get on my nerves.
 To “get on somebody's nerves” means to annoy somebody. 惹恼某人
例：My neighbors keep having late parties and the noise is getting on my nerves.
　　When people smoke near me it really gets on my nerves.
（2）What are you getting all bent out of shape for?
To be “bent out of shape” is to be angry and agitated. 气愤的
例：He had a bad day at work and came home all bent out of shape.
　　Don't get bent out of shape over something that's not important.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
“The More I look inside” ---《小猪历险记》
The more I look inside	The more he isn't here
What am I suppose to do	When Piglet is not everywhere
The more I rack my brain 	The more I search in vain 
I guess I'll have a little snake	And wait for it to start to rain
(To “rack your brain” is to think very hard.)
(To “search in vain” is to look for something and not find anything.)


ACTION ENGLISH 124
Movie Dictionary
NEOREALISM??新现实主义????（表现现实生活中的画面，接近普通生活的电影类型）
American Slang
Wind up 表示两个人最终走到一起去
I hope to get married one day. I don’t want to wind up on my own.??
我希望会结婚，我可不想打光棍。
I knew they were good friends at university but I never thought they’d wind up together.??我知道他们大学时是好朋友，但我从没想过他们俩会走到一起去。?
Classic Film Clips
1.????What’s up？（1）＝What’s happening? 发生什么事啦 （2） =How are you doing ?你最近怎么样
　 So what’s up, are we going to the movies tonight???你最近怎么样，今晚一起去看电影如何？
　   She’s been really upset all day ，I don’t know what’s up with her???她一整天都心烦意乱的，我不知道她是怎么了？
2.????watch your back =be careful 小心
　 It's a very dangerous situation, you really need you watch you back to avoid??getting hurt??那里很危险，你要小心受伤。
3.????You feel me??你懂我的意思吗
  feel my friend .I know exactly what you’re saying.??我懂我朋友的意思，我非常知道你在说什么。
  I explained to him twice now, but I’m worried he doesn’t know what I’m trying to tell him.??我都向他解释两次了，但是我担心他还是不知道我想告诉他什么。
Movie Tunes
Sing ho for life of a bear 为小熊的生活欢呼
（1）ho 形容欢呼声??（2）expedition 探险??（3）breeze 温柔的风??（4）buzz 蜜蜂的叫声


Action English   125
Movie dictionary 
Art Director??艺术指导
American slang   #??from 《怪医杜利德》
#??If this punk tries anything fresh ----- in the film 
#??fresh?? it means all behavior are impropriate . 行为举止不得体
E g : If anyone acts fresh in class then the teacher sends his straight out to the headmaster . 
　　如果有哪位学生在课堂上有不雅行为，老师会直接把他送到校长办公室。
E g : He’s very fresh .   He’s always asking girls , he’s just met to go out with him . 
　　他很不要脸，初见女孩就要约出去！
Classic film clips 
#??on the other hand , thanks to you ------ in the film    ??on the other hand?? 另一方面
E g : I’d really like to go on holiday to Hawaii and sit on the beach .On the other hand , I also want to visit New York’s famous galleries .
   我好想去夏威夷度假，坐到岸边欣赏风景。另外，我还想去参观纽约著名的画展。
E g : It’s gonna be expensive traveling by plane . But on the other hand we don’t have enough time to drive there .
　　坐飞机旅行太贵了，可另一方面我们没有太多的时间开车到那里啊！
#??plus , you’ll be saving face ------ in the film   ??to save face??挽回脸面
E g : He can’t swim but to save face when they go to the lake he always says he’s just eaten . 
　　他不会游泳，可为了挽回面子，每当去湖边他都要说他刚刚吃饱。
    After the big problem at the factory， to save face .The company had to blame the machinery .
　　工厂遭到变故后，为了挽回名誉，公司只能把责任归咎于机器上。
Movie tunes   ??from 《小猪历险记》 
‘ comforting to know’ 很高兴知道
 When the heart of the hundred Acre Wood is heating 
? And time is passing through 
??There’s a shadow looking like a rainbow’s halo 
??And there I’m resembling you??
此歌抒发了对家园的热爱之情！
#??rainbow??彩虹，代表希望  ??halo 天使的光环  ??resembling??找寻

Action English 126
Movie dictionary
?Follow Shot 跟镜头
American slang
break it down ----- in the film    ?break it down (to sb.)?? (给谁)详细讲，讲明白
I don't understand this idea at all, you have to break it down to me.
这个主意我没明白，你给我详细解释一下吧。
For his presentation he first gave us an overview then he broke down  the ideas to help us understand.
他先告诉我们他陈述的概况，然后他为了帮助我们理解，他把里面的每一个细节都讲解清楚了。
Classic film clips 
1. No way! ------ in the film     no way 绝对不可能，别想了
I really don't like Sally, there is no way I'm going to her party tonight.
我非常不喜欢Sally, 我绝对不会去她的舞会的。
There's no way I'm going to pass the exams, because I haven't studied at all.
我肯定通过不了这次考试，因为我根本就没学习。
2. ?Take a hike! ------ in the film    ?take a hike 走开，一边歇着去
注意：go on hike 徒步旅行(不能应用”take”)
She was constantly being rude to me, so I told her to take a hike and leave me alone.
她经常对我很不礼貌，所以我就跟她说“一边歇着去”，我想一个人呆一会儿。
He kept on getting into trouble at school so finally they told him to take a hike.
这个家伙在学校一直调皮捣蛋，后来实在不行了，学校跟他说“你还是走人吧”！ 
Movie tunes

ACTION ENGLISH   127
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
John Wayne 约翰 韦恩
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语  《星战前传》
The scheme of yours has failed. C in the film
scheme ＝ secret ＝ dishonest plan 阴谋、诡计
She’s figured out a scheme to get us into the movies for free.她想出了一个鬼点子让我们免费看电影。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1．It’s a standoff. C in the film
standoff 指双方意见不一致时双方都坚持己见不肯让步而产生的僵局
e.g. Both sides would not give in. The debate ended in standoff.
   双方都不肯让步，辩论以僵局结束。
2．odd play 一反常态的行为举止
e.g. It was an odd play for you to vacation in Thailand, you don’t even like to swim.
   你去泰国度假太反常了，你甚至不喜欢游泳。
   Everyone thought that it was an odd play for her to quit her job C they didn’t know she found a better one.  大家都认为她辞掉工作太反常了，他们不知道她找到了一份更好的。
3．Let’s split up. C in the film    split up = break apart  分开
e.g. The couple split up after 25 years of marriage.
   这对夫妇在结婚25年后终于分开了。
   If we want to find Angela, we should split up. It will be faster that way!
   如果想找到Angela，我们得分头找，那样会更快一些。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Can’t help falling in love ”

ACTION ENGLISH   128
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
James Dean
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
You overdid it. C in the film       overdo it 意思是过分了，过头了
e.g. The doctor said I could play tennis if I didn’t overdo it.
   医生说如果我不过量运动的话，我还是可以继续我的网球生涯的。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． They wouldn’t dare. C in the film
they wouldn’t dare = they won’t risk it 他们不敢做什么
e.g. I wouldn’t dare borrow my sister’s car without asking; she’d kill me.
   我可不敢不跟我姐姐打招呼就借她的车，她会宰了我的。
   He wouldn’t dare lie to his mother C she always knows when he’s lying.
   他从来不敢跟妈妈撒谎，他一撒谎他妈妈就知道。
2． They can’t afford to kill her. C in the film
someone can’t afford to do 意思是某人不能承受，不能负担
e.g. I can’t afford to fail the test, it’s worth 50% of my grade.
   我不能搞砸了这次考试，这可是占到我成绩的五成啊。
   They can’t afford to fire him; he’s a good employee.
   他们不能辞退他，他可是很好的职员。
3． The senate will side with us. C in the film        side with someone 意思是偏向谁
e.g. The mayor decided to side with the workers in the strike.在这次罢工潮中，市长决定偏向工人这边。
   If the judge sides with me, I win the case! 如果法官偏向我的话，我的官司赢定了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 



ACTION ENGLISH  129
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Shirley Temple  秀兰 邓波
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
The reading is off the charts. C in the film       off the charts 破记录
His grade is off the charts. Nobody’s ever scored that high on that test.
他的成绩破记录了，没有人可以在那个考试中得到那么高的成绩
She’s the fastest swimmer on the team. Her time is off the charts.
她是队里最快的游泳运动员。她的成绩已经破记录了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． out of one’s mind 发神经了，有毛病，不正常了
e.g. You must be out of your mind to lend him money. He’ll never pay you back.
   你脑袋出毛病了，借钱给他，他永远不会还给你的。
   You must be out of your mind to go jogging today. It’s 37 centigrade outside.
   你发神经啊，今天出去跑步！外面37度啊！
2． The crowd is going nuts. C in the film
someone’s going nuts  意思是激动的受不了，既可以指高兴的，也可以指悲伤的
（曾经学过的nuts有关的短语：be nuts about = be crazy about 为什么而狂热）
e.g. The audience is going nuts. Their team just won the game.
   球迷激动不已，他们的球队赢了！
   My husband is going nuts because I spent $500 on a pair of shoes today.
   我丈夫简直疯了，因为我今天花500美元买了一双鞋。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Mother’s intuition ”

Action English  130 
Movie Dictionary电影词典
Sophia Loren索菲亚-罗兰（注：GERRY 姐姐也叫Sophia）
索菲娅・罗兰是久负盛名的意大利红星，以自己独特的气质和杰出的演技，名扬天下。曾经有人这样形容罗兰："如果罗兰是花，她将不会是小巧精致，有色无香的西洋菊，而是粗枝大叶，清远香溢的荷花。"罗兰在从影的卅年中，已在七十多部影片中扮演了各类妇女的形象，其中有：《意大利式的结婚》、《向日葵》《旅程》、《香港女伯爵》、《黄铜靶》、《火力》和《血仇》等影片，在国际上有着广泛的影响。
American Slang美国俚语
It’s a hard life. 生活苦
Eg. Being a farmer is a hard life. You have to work all day and all night.
   农民生活很苦，他要夜以继日的工作。
Eg .She has a hard life. She supports her whole family and goes to school at night
   她的生活很苦，她得支撑她的全家，还得读夜校。
Classic Movie Clips经典对白
1、They will not go along with you this time.赞成……
Eg.1.Please go along with us on this. Why are you being so difficult? 
   能不能这次赞成我的意思，你这个怎么这么不好相处？
Eg.2.I’ll go along with you this time, but if you’re wrong. I’ll never trust you again.
   这次我就顺着你，如果你再错，我可再也不信你了。
2、see through you, we can.看穿
eg.1. I could see through him, I knew he was a liar. 我能看穿他，他是一个骗子
eg.2. Mom saw through me. She knew I skipped school today.老妈能看透我，她知道我今天逃课
Movie Tunes原声碟
《winnie the pooh》《小熊维尼》from〈小猪历险记〉
Deep in the hundred acre wood 英亩
Where Christopher Robin plays 
You’ll find the enchanted neighborhood奇妙的 周围附近
Of christopher’s childhood days
A donkey named Eeyore is his friend.
And Kanga and little Roo 
There’s rabbit and piglet and there’s owl 
But most of all winnie the pooh

ACTION ENGLISH  131
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
dialogue   对白
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语   《情定巴黎》
I must go do as nature intended. C in the film
as nature intended 意思是 本能的要求
e.g. Every weekend I drink beer as nature intended.
   我每个周末去喝啤酒是出自本能啊。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Put their house on the market. C in the film
put something on the market 意思是到市场上销售，卖出。等于 make it on sale
e.g. I put all of my old textbooks on the market for the new students.
   我把我的旧课本都卖给了新同学。
2． I’ve made us a nest egg. C in the film  a nest egg 意思是为了做什么事情的积蓄，储备金。
e.g. His parents saved money for him since he was six so he would have a nice nest egg by the time he was 25.  他父母在他六岁的时候就开始给他攒钱，他到25岁的时候一定有一大比钱了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 



ACTION ENGLISH   132
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
scene  场景
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语   《French Kiss》
You have no staying power. C in the film       no staying power 没长性
e.g. Her long resume with numerous jobs indicated that she had no staying power at any particular company. 她那份有着么多工作经历的很长的简历，暗示了她在任何一个公司都没有长性。
Tom was very passionate about his relationships at first but he had no staying power and they ended quickly. 每段感情开始的时候Tom都非常的有激情，但是他没有长性，所以很快这段感情就结束了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1．I didn’t get it. C in the film       get something 意思是 understand something
e.g. It was as if he was a genius C he got everything the first time we explained it to him.
   他简直就是个天才 － 我们每次一解释给他听，他就明白了。
2. It gets underneath my skin. C in the film
get under somebody’s skin = annoying 使谁不自在，惹恼了谁
e.g. The crying baby on the airplane got me under my skin and I couldn’t wait to land.
   飞机上的那个婴儿一直哭个不停，烦死我了，我几乎都等不到飞机降落了。
   His bad habit of spitting got me under my skin so badly that I had to say it.
   他随地吐痰的坏习惯是在让我忍无可忍，我不得不说他了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ we are building a religion ”
意思等于 we found out a new way of thinking
语言点：Limited edition 限量发行


ACTION ENGLISH  133
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
director’s cut  导演剪辑版
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
I get the picture. C in the film   get the picture = to understand the whole situation 对什么有全部的了解
e.g. After meeting his parents, Julie got the picture about her boyfriend.
   在Julie和他的父母谈完了之后，她对自己的男朋友是什么样的人就有了了解。
   Once the managers explained all the aspects of the project, I got the picture and understood my role much better.
   在这些经理向我们介绍了这个项目方方面面之后，我就有一个大概的了解，并且更加明白我应该干什么，我的角色是什么。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. He knew what he was doing. C in the film
know what somebody is doing / know what you are doing
= you have a lot of experience or a particular plan 很有经验，做什么事情心中有数
e.g. When it comes to planning large events, she knows what she is doing.
   说道筹划大的项目，她是很有经验的。
   The team always wins. They really know what they are doing.
   那支队伍经常赢比赛，他们很有经验，很老道。
2．You lost your birthright in one hand of poker. C in the film
a person’s birthright = something that they are supposed to receive after a parent dies  应该继承的财产
e.g. As the oldest son, I will get the family farm as a birthright.
   我愿意做老大，我们家的农场就该归我。
   The prodigal son claimed his birthright early and left home.
   那个浪子提前把他的遗产要走了，然后离开了家。
   claim the birthright 要走了财产
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Face to Face ” < batman returns >

ACTION ENGLISH  134
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
《 The Graduate 》(《 毕业生 》)
?? 本恩的父母忙着筹备庆祝他毕业的家庭晚会，但本恩却对未来生活感到茫然。来客中的鲁宾逊太太却对这个小伙子很感兴趣，并让本恩开车送她回家。风流的夫人不断挑逗本恩，但被拒绝。可是日子如此无聊，不久后他开始了同鲁宾逊太太的约会，同时他也爱上了太太的女儿伊莱恩，遭到鲁宾逊太太坚决反对。本恩终于找到机会向伊莱恩表白了爱意，并讲述了自己的坠落，只是没说出那个夫人的名字。伊莱恩原谅了他，但鲁宾逊太太的震怒使伊莱恩猜到了一切。她伤心地与一个叫卡尔的人伧促结婚。本恩得知这一消息，不顾一切向教堂冲去……
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
If you act like a clown. C in the film
act like a clown = to act silly, stupid or crazy 意思是行为很愚蠢     clown：小丑
e.g. When the boys drink too much beer, they act like clowns.
   男孩子都喝多了，他们都失态了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Pay no attention to me. C in the film      pay attention (to somebody or something ) 注意，关注
e.g. You never paid attention to me. I felt like you didn’t care about me.
   你从来没有注意过我，我觉得你对我可能根本就没那个意思。
2． So bear with me. C in the film
bear with someone = to be patient with someone 容忍，耐心一下
e.g. This speech may take a while, so please bear with me.
   这个讲话还得一会，对我耐心一点好么。
3． Pardon my French. C in the film
在这里French 不是“法语”的意思，而是“脏话”的意思
e.g. If I swear during the soccer game, please pardon my French in advance.
如果我在看比赛过程中骂人了，说脏话了，请原谅我，提前说一声。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
You've Got Mail Soundtrack Lyrics  Song: Dummy Song Lyrics
I'll take the legs from some old table
I'll take the arms from some old chair
I'll take the neck from some old bottle
And from a horse I'll take the hair…..

ACTION ENGLISH  135
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Greta Garbo
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语    《102 Dalmatian》
I’m done with all that. C in the film
done with 表示够了，腻了，可算是干完了，终于干完了，再也不干了
e.g. I’m done with parties. I end up spending too much money so from now on I’ll be staying at home and reading. 我对派对真算是够了，浪费了太多钱在上面，现在开始我要呆在家里看书了。
   We graduated last week so now I’m done with school forever.  我上星期毕业了，现在我终于不用再去上学了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． You’re going to help me being a useful member of society. C in the film
useful 这里表示有用的，对什么有用的
e.g. He can’t pitch and he can’t catch. He’s not really a useful baseballer.
   他既不能投球，又不能接球，不能算是个出色的棒球手。
   If he would explain the homework more he would be a much more useful teacher.
   如果他能更多讲解一下家庭作业的话，他会是一个很好的老师。
2． Find me a little niche. C in the film
niche 表示一个很适合你生存和发展的环境
e.g. My son has been at university for about six months but he is a little bit bored with ordinary university work. He’s still having trouble finding his niche.  我儿子已经上大学六个月了，但是他对普通的大学生活有些厌烦，他要找到一个适合自己的环境还有些困难。
   He’s been working as a journalist for many years but I think he’s found that his true niche is travel writing.  他做记者已经好多年了，我想他终于发现他真正适合的是写游记小说。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Hard knock life ” (等于 not easy life)
口语词：steada = instead of 


ACTION ENGLISH  136
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
non-professional actors  非专业演员 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
This mustn’t get out. C in the film	get out的意思是泄漏出去
e.g. It mustn’t get out that I’m missing school tomorrow otherwise I’ll get in trouble.
   我明天不去上课的事千万不能泄漏出去，否则我就有麻烦了。
   If we go to this party it mustn’t get out as I told my other friends that I was staying at home.
   如果我们去那个派对，千万不能说出去，因为我告诉其他朋友我要呆在家里。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Don’t know how to thank you. == in the film  意思是 真不知道谢谢你（的大恩大德）
e.g. I’m so glad you were able to fix my car. I just don’t know how to thank you.
   我真高兴你能给我修好车，我不知道怎么谢谢你才好。
   I don’t know how to thank him for looking after my dog whilst I was sick in hospital.
   我真不知道怎么感谢他才好，我生病住院期间他帮我照看我的狗
2． How about dinner? C in the film        how about 表示邀请
e.g. Seeing as your stove is broken, how about dinner tonight?
   鉴于你的炉子坏了，我们今晚出去吃怎么样?
   If you finish work at 6:30, how about we go for a drink around 7?
   如果你六点半能完工，我们七点左右出去喝点东西如何？
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟   “ Elevation ”  from "Tomb Raider "
Yeah, yah       Whoo...
High, higher than the sun 
You shoot me from a gun 
I need you to elevate me here 
At the corner of your lips 
As the orbit of your hips 
Eclipse, you elevate my soul ……..


ACTION ENGLISH   137
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Claymation  泥偶动画
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
Kiss her for heaven’s sake, while we’re still young. C in the film
while we’re still young 表示心急，快点，快点 快点干完吧
e.g. I wish they’d finish the chess game while we’re still young. They’ve been playing for three hours already.  真希望他们能快点下完这局象棋，他们已经下了三个小时了。
   They need to score while we’re still young. It’s been a boring game so far.
   他们得赶快进球，现在太没意思了。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1． Caught him red-handed. C in the film
be caught red-handed  犯罪时被人当场擒获（手是红的，很紧张）
e.g. He’ll definitely be going to jail. They caught him red-handed trying to take the jewelry out of the shop.  他肯定要进监狱了，这回肯定进去了，因为警察在他试图把珠宝偷出去的时候当场将他擒获。
   He was just sneaking out the back door of the museum when the police caught him red-handed with the paintings stolen.    他正要从后门溜走的时候被警察当场擒获，人脏并具。
2． What possible motive could I have to want to? C in the film
motive 表示动机的意思，是个名词
e.g. He’s got lots of money so he had no motive to rob the bank.
   他有很多钱，所以没有动机去抢银行。
   He wanted to show his girlfriend that he could drive but he didn’t have a car. That was his motive for stealing one.他想展示给他的女朋友他可以开车，可是他没有车，这就是他要偷一辆车的动机。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
“ N.S.E.W ”( from the movie 《national security》) 
语言点： watcha <口> = what are you  

ACTION ENGLISH   138
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
single camera 单机拍摄  multi camera  多机拍摄 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
You took care of the rat? C in the film    take care of 关照 处理 把什么事情解决
e.g. I’m gonna be late for the meeting, there are a few things for my project at work that I need to take care of first.  那个会议我要迟到了，我的工程上有些事情我必须先去处理。
   The police really need to take care of the crime in the city so that people can be safer.
   警察真的要处理一下城市里的犯罪现象，这样人们才能更安全。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. It’s no good looking at me like that. 
it’s no good doing 意思是无用的，做什么事情没用了
e.g. It’s no good going to the market right now. It’s too late and it will be closed.
   现在去超市没用了，太晚了，马上要关门了。
   I tried to get a cheap ticket to London, but it was no good. They’d already sold out.
   我想要一张去伦敦的便宜票，但是没用了，已经卖玩了。
2. Aren’t you in a tight spot? C in the film     in a tight spot 意思是身处困境
e.g. I’ve already spent all my wages this month so I’m in a tight spot with money.
   我这个月的工资已经花完了，所以我又为钱犯愁了。
   He hasn’t done any review and there are only two days left so he’s in a tight spot with his exams.
   他一点都没复习，只剩两天了，他可得为考试为难了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ Yes we can ” < maid Manhattan >



ACTION ENGLISH  139
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
extreme long shot 大全景 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语  [The Thomas Crown Affair] 中文译名 《天罗地网》
Synopsis:  An adventure of a millionaire playboy who steals a priceless work of art and then strikes up a fiery romance with the brilliant female insurance investigator who is on to his game.
You think they would have shown more grit. C in the film
show grit 意思是拿出你的勇气来，展现你的勇气。grit 的本意是粗砂，很容易让人感觉坚韧、顽强。
e.g. Once the team started losing they didn’t try anymore. They really didn’t show much grit.
   这个队伍一输球就不再努力了，他们真的没拿出勇气来。
   You need to show some grit if you want to succeed in the rough world of business.
   如果想在艰难的商界胜出，你需要拿出勇气来。   rough  这里等于 hard, difficult 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. This place been hit before? C in the film
hit 在这里表示被盗的意思，等于rob。hit 的本意表示重击。be hit by something 被什么给予重重一击
e.g. The telephone company hit me with a bill for over $1000.
   电信公司的帐单给我以重击啊，我电话费居然1000美元。
   When her cat died she was really hit hard by it. It affected her a lot C she was sad for weeks.
   她的猫的死真的给她重重的一击。这个事情对她影响太深了，她难过了几个星期。
2．Let’s just track this thing through. C in the film
track 原意表示轨道，这里用作动词表示跟踪，追逐。等于 follow or to discover exactly what happened
e.g. The police secretly tracking the movements of a few suspects to try and gain some evidence.
   警察秘密跟踪几个可以人物的行动，试图获取一些证据。
   What’s new with you? 你最近忙什么呢
   I’ve been trying to track down the book I lost last year. 我最近一直在寻找我去年丢的那本书。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ I wonder ” < sleeping beauty >
I wonder, I wonder    wonder why each   Little bird has someone  To sing to sweet things to
A gay little love melody?  I wonder, I wonder  If my heart keeps singing  Will my song go winging
To someone who'll find me  And bring back a love song to me?
 

Action English  140
Movie Dictionary 
aerial shot?? 航拍镜头
American Slang 
cross somebody?? 惹恼谁
E.g.  The gangster Al Capone used to get rid of anyone that crossed him .
     At our company if you cross him ,he’ll fire you right away .
Classic Movie Clips
1. check off?? 核查,核对
E.g. I need to go through the company’s inventory and check off that everything is there .

   If you agree with the contract ,you can go through it and check off all the points and then just sign at the bottom .    
2. beat someone up?? 痛打谁
E.g.??My younger brother and I always used to beat each other up especially when we couldn’t agree on what to watch on TV .
3. take one’s chance?? 赌一把
E.g. He’s really taking his chance leaving his job .He might not be able to find a new job right away .

　　He didn’t want to take any chances when he went on vacation ,so he made sure he bought travel insurance .
Movie Tunes 

选自《睡美人》 主题曲 《Once Upon a Dream 》 
 gleam?? 微弱的光线     familiar?? 似曾相识	 vision?? 想法,念头

ACTION ENGLISH  141
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
low key light 暗调照明 
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
You’ve left yourself wide open. C in the film 
be left wide open 危险状态－很容易被人攻击到，留出了空档 
e.g. With all the players down at the other end of the field they left themselves wide open for the other team to score a goal. 
   所有的球员都到了球场的另一遍，就留下空档让对方有机可乘进了一个球。 
He was always gossiping at work so he left himself wide open to be criticized by his colleagues.
这个家伙总喜欢在上班时说别人的闲话,所以别人也会有机会批评他了. 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1.??On the job? C in the film 	on the job = while working??在班上 
e.g. If the boss ever catches you sleeping on the job, you’ll be in a lot of trouble. 
   如果让老板逮到你上班睡觉，你麻烦可大了。 
   He kept on playing computer games on the job so he never got any work done. 
   他上班时间总是打电脑游戏，所以什么工作都完成不了。 
2．Did you pick anything up? C in the film 	   pick something up = acquire something 得到 
e.g. The course was one week long but I missed a few classes so I didn’t really pick anything up. 
   这个课程就一个星期，我还落了好几节课，所以我真没学着什么东西。 
   If you’re going past the supermarket, could you please pick up some milk? 
   如果你路过超市，能捎点牛奶回来么？ 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
“ A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes ”《Cinderella》 
When you're fast asleep    In dreams you will lose your heartache
Whatever you wish for you keep    Have faith in your dreams and someday
Your rainbow will come smiling through   No matter how your heart is grieving
If you keep on believing   The dream that you wish will come true


Action English  142
Movie Dictionary 
eye-level shot 平视镜头
American Slang 
backtrack?? 走回头路
E.g. Before the exam at the end of the year ,the teacher is going to backtrack over all the things we’ve learned .

   We got lost driving to Shunyi ,so had to backtrack quite a lot until we finally found the correct road .
   
Classic Movie Clips
1. drop?? 把什么放弃,丢到脑后
E.g.  Never start an argument with Bill .Once he’s started ,he doesn’t seem able to drop it at all .

　　I’m getting bored talking about work ;I just think we should drop this whole discussion and??talk about something else .
2. something to be right under someone’s nose?? 显而易见
E.g.  I can’t believe you couldn’t find your wallet .It was right under your nose .

　　I don’t know why we’re always looking for a new restaurant to go to when we’ve got an excellent one right under our noses near home .
　　
Movie Tunes   选自《灰姑娘》 主题曲 《So This is Love 》 
 aglow?? 容光焕发	 heaven??天堂?? 	 miracle?? 奇迹

Action English   143
Movie Dictionary 
omnivision 穹幕电影
American Slang
fit in? ?和什么可以调和的很棒
E.g. Many foreigners ride bicycles in China to fit in to society better.

? ?? ?Because of her strange clothing ,she didn’t fit in well with the rest of the students .

Classic Movie Clips
1. upset somebody? ?让谁很生气
E.g. Tommy upset his parents by failing his exam .
? ?? ?She was upset when she broke up with her boyfriend .
2. raising somebody as if he were somebody son 某人扶养某人像亲生骨肉
E.g. When his parents died ,Kevin’s auntie raised him as if he were her own son .
? ??? I cared for my puppy as if I were raising a son 
Movie Tunes 选自《哥斯拉》 插曲 《We Can Be Heroes 》 

 hero? ?英雄  dolphin? ?海豚   

ACTION ENGLISH  144
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
A&B cutting??AB条剪辑
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语     < The Hunch Back Of Notre Dame > 《钟楼怪侠》
He’s just impossible. C in the film       impossible 表示不可理喻
e.g. Your cat is simply impossible. He always runs around scratching things and does not listen to me.
   你的猫简直不可理喻。他总是到处跑，乱抓一气，也不听我的话。
   This science course is impossible! I will never get an A.
   科学课简直不可理喻，我永远拿不到A的成绩。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. Mark my words. C in the film          mark my words 意思是 我担保
e.g. The Houston Rocket will beat the Lakers. Mark my words.
   休斯顿火箭顿会打败湖人。我担保。
   You can mark my words. He will never return.
   我跟你担保，他不会回来了。
2.??You will pay for this insolence. C in the film      pay for 为什么付出代价 
pay off 得到报偿，一般用被动 paid off     pay back 归还
e.g. He will pay for his crime in prison.   他会为了他的罪行去坐牢的。
   My hard work was paid off and I got the position.
   我努力工作终于得到报偿了，我得到了这个职位。
3.??Seal off the area, men. C in the film        seal something off 封锁 
e.g. The workmen sealed this area off so they could do some construction.
工人已经把这个地段封锁起来，便于施工。
When some chemicals leaked, the entire factory had to be sealed off.
当一些化学物质泄漏，整个工厂必须要被封锁。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
"The Hands That Built America"
Oh my love    It's a long way we've come   From the freckled hills to the steel and glass canyons  
From the stony fields, to hanging steel from the sky   From digging in our pockets, for a reason not to say goodbye………

Action English  145
Movie dictionary??电影词典
NTSC制式??美国常用的电影制式，日本，台湾也用。一个画面每秒30桢，标准制式。
American slang 美国俚语
And those guys a dime a dozen.（片中）	a dime a dozen 很多，不值钱
例：What a cheap??in BeiJing, watermelon are a dime a dozen.
? ?? ? 在北京西瓜很多很便宜。
? ?? ? Bad managers are a dime a dozen, but a good one is difficult to find. 
? ?? ? 坏的老板很多，好的老板却很难找。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）She stood up for you.（片中）	    stand up for sb??为...辩护，支持
例：She stand up for me every time the bigger boys said bad things about me.
?? ? 每次大孩子说我坏话的时候她都是帮助我。
?? ? Don't worry. in court , your lawyer will stand up for your rights .
?? ? 别担心，在法庭上，你的律师会为你辩护的。
（2）Rescue the girl, from the jaws of death （片中）	jaws of death 鬼门关，死神
例：His drug addiction was so bad that it became his jaws of death.
? ?? ?他的赌瘾太深了，让他到了鬼门关。
? ?? ?If you work too many hours your job can become the jaws of death.
 ? ???如果你工作太多小时，你的工作将把你带入鬼门关。 
（3）knight in shining armor 解救出在危难中的人的骑士
例：The princess waited in the tower for her knight shining armor.
?? ? 公主在塔里等待着她的骑士。
? ?? ?Who are you waiting for ????I'm waiting for my knight in shining armor to come help me with this math problem. ???我在等待我的骑士来帮助我做这道数学题。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Talk In About My Generation   
People try to put us down   talk in about my generation   just become we get around    they say we do look awful   my generation

Action English  146
Movie dictionary??电影词典
《最后一个莫西干人》" The Last of the Mohicans "
根据作家库珀的小说改编，由丹尼尔.路易斯主演的“最后一个莫西干人”以18世纪法国与美洲印第安的矛盾为主线。这部片子大家可以了解到美国的历史。
Amercian slang 美国俚语
come on , Quasis, snap out of it .（片中）	snap out of it 改变，变好
例：I wish she would just snap out of it and get over her ex-bf.
?? ? 我希望她能够改变她的想法，重新振作，忘掉她的前男友。
 ?? ?Ben has been acting so strangely since seeing that film, I wish he would just snap out of it and be himself again.
 ?? ?自从Ben看过那部电影他就变得很怪，我真希望他能变回他自己。
Classic film clips? ?经典对白
（1）seize the cathedual （片中）	seize sth 抓住，控制
例：Seize the day because you never know what tomorrow will be like.
 ?? ? 珍惜今天，因为你永远不知道明天将会怎样。
  ?? ?He managed to seize the assets of the company before it went bankrupt.
  ?? ?在公司倒闭前，他要控制公司的财政。
（2）ransack our city （片中）	ransack 洗劫一空
例：Don't out of dating with him.? He was so messy that his home always looked as though it had been ransacked.   ?? ? 他的家总是那么的乱，好像刚刚被洗劫一空似的。
? ?? ?The rebel troops completely ransacked all the towns and villages in their path on ...
? ?? ?这个部队在他们打劫的路上将所有的城市和村庄洗劫一空。
Movie Tunes 原声碟

Less Than Jake : I tell you somebody   fooling around with   my chances on the  danger line......

赏析：“不如杰克”，歌词大意是“我要告诉你，有人和我玩耍，我不需要过正常人的生活，我喜欢惊险刺激.....”

Action English  147
Movie dictionary??电影词典
电影??Casablanca??卡萨布兰卡  由亨弗莱和英格利.褒曼主演，讲述一个在法国殖民地的酒馆里发生的故事。
Amercian slang 美国俚语
How do you keep on top of all this ? （片中）	keep on top 掌控，驾驭
例：Studying isn't hard if you keep on top of it .
? ??? 如果学习方法你掌握了，学习就变得不难了。
? ?? ?I go to the bank twice a month to keep on top of my finances.
? ?? ?我一个月去银行两次，做好理财工作。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Would you like to have a seat ? （片中）
have a seat 请坐（随和）= take a seat? ?? ???please set down??（有居高临下的感觉）
例：Thanks for coming over, please have a seat .? ? ? 谢谢你的到来，请坐。
? ? ? The boss pointed to a chair, and said , " have a seat ".? ? ? 老板指着一个椅子说“请坐”。
（2）It's one big sick joke. 被人设计的恶作剧，残忍地恶作剧
例：Getting dumped by guys in a row feels like one big sick joke.
? ? ? 一连被三个人甩了，看起来就像是个残忍地恶作剧。
? ? ? It felt like one big sick joke when the company made us work on our day off.
??? ?今天本来该休息，可是公司却让工作，真是残忍的恶作剧。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
You Can Fly 
Think of Christmas   Think of snow   Think of sleighbell   off you go  Like reindeer in the sky
you can fly.

Action English  148
Movie dictionary 电影词典
The Godfather??《教父》
这是一部美国影片，弗朗西斯福特导演，由著名影星艾尔.帕西诺主演的“教父”讲述20世纪一个叫柯里昂的移民家族，移入美国，这是个有名望的家族，由于一些原因不得不踏入黑社会，成为黑手党。
American slang 美国俚语
She got a tough break . （片中）  tough break??不幸     tough = difficult , hard ;??break 休息
例：To lose a tennis match because of one bad call is a tough break .
?? ? 由于裁判的误判他失掉了这场比赛，真是太不幸了。
? ?? ?You gf dumping you on your 40th birthday is a tough break.
? ?? ?你过40岁生日你女朋友说与你分手，真是太不幸了。
Classic film clips??经典对白? ?from“最后的舞曲”
（1）wrap this one up??快点做完，打包??=??finish sth quickly
例：Let's wrap this meeting up so we can all go home to our families.
? ?? ?让我们快点结束这个会议，我们就可以回自己的家了。
? ?? ?While we were winning the game, Coach told us to wrap this one up before the other team got ahead.
?  ???我们马上就要赢得比赛了，教练让我们在其他队超过之前赶快结束比赛。
（2）dead set on preventing it （片中）	dead set 下定决心
例：She was dead set on becoming a pop star , so she practiced everyday.
? ? ? 她下定决心要成为明星，所以每天都练习。
? ?? ?My mom is dead set on me going to graduate school , I guess I must go .
? ? ? ?我妈妈是铁定了心要我上研究生，我猜我必须的去了。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Do You Believe in Magic 	? ?? ???from" Return To Never Land"
Your feet start tapping   and you can't seem to find  if it's really real or 
just a state of mind if    you believe in magic
赏析：“你相信魔法吗？”选自《飞越梦幻岛》。这个叫彼得潘的小男孩经历一个大冒险，在这首歌里他会告诉你什么是魔法



Action English  149
Movie dictionary 电影词典
"Gone with the Wind"? ?《乱世佳人》
讲述的是19世纪60年代南北战争的事情。影片由费雯丽和克拉克.盖博主演，??由费雯丽扮演的女主角斯佳丽的爱情经历，她是个坚强的女性，经历了种种磨难。这部影片具有明显的美国风格，如果您想了解美国历史和文化可以看看。
American slang??美国俚语
duke it out 打架??fight about it 
例：We had to duke it out for the last piece of cake .
 ?? ? 我们不得不为了最后一块蛋糕打架。
 ?? ? There's only one shower in our apartment , my brothers and I had to duke it out to see who uses it first? ? 因为我们的公寓只有一个淋浴，所以我和哥哥们为了谁先用而打架。
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1）rub someone's nose in it 雪上加霜
例：Whenever Tim beats me at tennis, he rubs my nose in it .
? ?? ?每次Tim赢我的时候，他总是雪上加霜的讽刺我。
（2）blow everything apart 搞砸，把...弄乱
例：When John quit the band, it really blew everything apart, He was the lead singer.
 ?? ? John想退出乐队，可那就乱了，因为他是我们乐队的主唱。
? ?? ?We had all the details worked out for the party and then Tory tried to help and blew everything apart .
 ? ???我们晚会的细节都就绪了，但由于Troy来了，一切都变乱了。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
 A Whole New World 
 Every turn a surprise with   new horizons to pursue  every moment red-letter   I'll chase them anywhere   there's time to spare   let me share this whole new   world with you.
 赏析：“全新的世界”选自《阿拉丁》。这首歌是他和爱人在魔毯上唱的歌，每一个转弯就是一个新的惊喜，暗示他们的爱情是那么的奇妙，每一时刻都是一个惊喜


Action English  150
Movie dictionary??电影词典
Psycho??《精神病患者》
这是一部由阿尔弗莱德.希区柯克导演的恐怖片，讲述一个精神病患者作为杀人狂的经历。
American slang 美国俚语
Your partner blow it .（片中）	blow it 彻底搞砸
例：This is your last chance to make the team , don't blow it .
?? ? 这是你最后一次机会进入球队，可别搞砸了。
? ?? ?I blew my chances with Tina when I told her she looked fat .
? ?? ?当我告诉她她看起来很胖时，我把我们之间的关系搞砸了。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）setting an example??树立好榜样
例：By showing up early for work everyday, the boss was setting a good example for his workers.
?  ???老板每天都很早来工作，给所有的工人树立了好的榜样。
（2）It must run in the family . （片中）	  runs in the family 世代相传
例：Mark and his brothers are both good musicians ,??music runs in his family.
??? ? Mark 和他的哥哥们都是出色的音乐家，可以说是世代相传。
? ?? ?Being a strong leader runs in the famliy , we are all politicians
? ?? ?作为是领导者，我们是世代相传的政治家。
（3）By all means , change it .（片中）	    by all means 一定，尽一切办法
例：If you're hungry, by all means , join us for lunch.
??? ? 如果你饿了，就一定要留下来吃午餐。
? ?? ?Hey, man, may I use your phone?   ? ?? ?Sure, by all means.
? ?? ?我可以用你的电话吗？               当然，一定
Movie Tunes??原声碟
Second Star to the Right	The second star to the right 
shines with a light 	that's rare and if its 
Never land you need 	it's light will lead 	you there .
赏析：“右数第二颗星”选自《飞越梦幻岛》。歌词唱道如何能找到梦幻岛呢？你可以跟随星星肯定会找到

动感英语笔记Action English 101-150




- 1 -


