Action?English?  51 
Movie Dictionary
Slapstick? 闹剧
American Slang
I'm not being set up.? 我没被陷害。
Set up=someone get blaimed for something he didn't do?? n.&v.冤枉，陷害
例句? I didn't steal your DVD player.I know I'm being set up.?? 我没偷你的DVD播放机。我知道我是被冤枉的。
?????? He was set up by the mafia to look like he was guilty他被黑手党陷害有罪。 Mafia? 黑手党
Classic Film Clips
?On the lam=escape from sth.,usually from the law? 潜逃
例句? He was on the lam from the police after they found out he was using stolen credit cards.???? 他被警方发现偷盗信用卡之后就一直潜逃。
?????? You're gonna have to go on the lam if you don't wanna go to jail.?????? 不想坐牢的话就快逃。
?Are you reading my mind right now?? 
Read one's mind=understand what they're thinking or feeling without their telling you? 读透……的心思
例句? We spend so much time together.I feel like I can read your mind.
?????? 我们相处这么久了，我想我明白你是怎么想的。
?????? Just because you know I like Tom Cruise,it doesn't mean you can read my mind.??? 你不要以为你知道我喜欢汤姆.克鲁斯，就认为你很了解我。
?I need you to hack into her.
Hack into=break into sth. by unusual means? 侵入  Hacker? 黑客
例句? Young man.I need you to hack into the computer and find the missing files.?? 年轻人，我要你侵入电脑里，把我们丢失的文件找回来。
??????? Let's try to hack into the building by going up the fire escape.
??????? 我们试试从防火通道进入大楼吧。
Movie Tunes
Who Knows  电影“西街故事”（Westside Story)
Key words:
Due=to respect it to arrive soon   Soon as it shows,cannon-balling

Action?English  ?52 
Movie Dictionary
Commercial Film? 商业片
American Slang
Break it up=stop doing sth. or divide a task? 1.停下来   2.分工
例句? Come on guys,let's break it up.We don't wanna get into trouble for fighting.?????? 别再吵了好么，我们谁也不想打起来，不是么？
?????? That's a huge project.If we break it up,we'll finish faster.
?????? 这是个大工程。要是我们分一下工，还能快一些完成。
Classic Film Clips
Cold blooded=deceitful,heartless and selfish? 冷血的，狠毒的，自私的
例句? You knew I like Sarah.Why did you ask her out?That was really cold blooded.?????? 你知道我喜欢莎拉，还约她出去？你可真够狠的。
?????? Stealing that little boy's skateboard was really cold blooded.You even don't know how to ride it.??? 你都不知道怎么滑就偷人家小男孩的滑板，你可真够差劲的。
As soon as we turn our backs
Turn your back=look away or pay no attention? 不理睬
例句As soon as I turn my back,I knew you are gonna steal my job.我不看都知道你惦记着我的那个职位
?????? Every time I ask you for help,you turn your back on me.why?
?????? 每次我向你求助你都不理不睬，为什么？
Movie Tunes
?Don't cry for me Argentina―电影“艾维塔”(Evita)
Key words:dress up to the nines,sixes and sevens

Action?English  ?53
Movie Dictionary
?Extra? 群众演员
American Slang
Hot stuff? 宝贝，美人，帅哥  Hot? 性感的   Stuff=thing
When someone is trying too hard to make himself look good,we can call him a hot stuff.有点讽刺意味。
例句? Hey come on hot stuff.Don't play too hard on your hair.We'll be late.
?????? 行了大帅哥，别弄你的头发了，我们快迟到了。
?????? That cellphone sure is hot stuff.It has so many new features.
?????? 那款手机可真够棒的，有那么多新功能。
Classic Film Clips
You'll always have next year.? 你还是有机会的。（安慰人的话）
例句? Don't worry about not making varsity team.you'll always have next year.
?????? 别担心没进校队的事，你还有机会的。
?????? Varsity team? 校队
?????? Ahhh,I missed my favorate band.
?????? Well,I guess you'll always have next year.
?????? 啊，我最喜欢的乐队来，我没赶上。
?????? 我想你会有机会再见到他们的。
The ladies,before you know it,always wanna move to a bigger tree.
Before you know it=something's happened very very quickly while you won't pay attention.在你不知不觉中
例句? One day your daughter's crawling around in diapers,before you know it she's dating a guy driving a motorcycle.???? 那时候你女儿还在尿布上爬呢，不知不觉地，她现在都能跟骑摩托的小伙子约会了。
?????? If you start saving now,before you know it,you'll have enough money for college.??? 如果你现在开始攒钱，不知不觉中，你就能供自己上大学了。
Movie Tunes
?I'm A Believer―电影“怪物史莱克”（Shrek)
Key words:fairy tale,love is out to get me,disappointment,haunt

Action?English?  54
Movie Dictionary
?Pre-Production? 拍摄前期  Production? 拍摄期  Post-production? 后期制作
American Slang
Watch it.? 让开；当心一点。
例句? Hey hey hey,c'mon,watch it.The truck is coming really fast.You might get hit.??? 嘿嘿嘿，你当心点。那车很快的，你会被撞到的。
?????? Hey,watch it buddy.You almost stepped on my new shoes.
?????? 嘿哥们儿，看着点，你差点踩到我的新鞋。
Classic Film Clips
Show some backbone? 把你的勇气拿出来，把你的决心拿出来。  Bone? 脊椎，脊柱
例句? Mom is good at keeping everyone together.She is the backbone of the family.?????? 妈妈经常把大家召集到一块，她是这个家的主心骨。
?????? Hey Mark ,c'mom buddy,why don't you show some backbone and ask her out?I know you like her,right?嘿，马克，拿出勇气把她约出来，我知道你喜欢她。
Clear sth. right up? 消除疑虑，消除误会，解决问题
# If you start taking Vitamin C, it will clear that cold right up. 如果你吃点维生素C,感冒就会好起来的。
?There's obviosly been a mistake,let's clear this right up so we can all start working together as a team.? 
一定是有什么误会，让我们来消除它们吧。这样我们才能继续一起干。
Movie Tunes
All Star----电影“怪物史莱克”（Shrek)
Key words:gonna,roll me,ain't,shed,dumb,loser

Action?English?   55
Movie Dictionary
?Narration? 旁白  Narrator? 解说人  Voice-over? 画外音
American Slang
Fool, idiot? 傻瓜   Geek, nerd? 书呆子
例句? Look at the fool!He's Jenny's brother.He never gets things right.
?????? 看那个傻瓜，他就是珍妮的弟弟，干什么都干不好。
?????? If you'd stop acting like such a fool,you'd realize he try to just help you.
?????? 如果你不是总做傻事的话，你会发觉他还是乐意帮助你的。
Classic Film Clips
?Let me practice on your head? 我要给你点颜色看看；我要教训教训你（威胁）。
例句? Hey,either you stop criticizing my cooking or I start practicing on your head.???????喂，你再对我的厨艺挑三拣四，别怪我对你不客气。
?Up for sth.? 愿意，并有精力和能力去做……
例句? You know what?It's a long hike to the top of the mountain.Are you sure you're up for it????? 你知道么，现在离山顶还有好长一段路呢，你确定你要上么？
?????? I've been working all day long.I'm really tired.I don't think I'm up for going out with you tonight. 我干了一天的活真的太累了。我想我今晚不能跟你出去了。
Movie Tunes
She―电影“诺丁山”(Notting Hill)

Action English? 56
Movie dictionary电影词典
??experimental film 实验电影
American slang美国俚语
Okey-doke = ok??好的，没问题。
 “Okey-doke.” is somewhat child way of saying “ok”. 
例句??Hey, clean your room.???? Okey-doke.??? 
     去，把你房间收拾一下。?????? 好的。
?????? Can you help me with my homework?  ???? okey-doke.?????? 
     你帮我看看作业好么？?????? 没问题。
Classic film clips经典对白 
I brought a spare. 
“a spare” is an extra one of something in case the first one breaks. 备用的，多余的  a spare tire??备胎 
The tire is flat. It’s a good thing I have a spare.  轮胎爆了。不过还好我有备胎。
Do you have a spare dictionary I could borrow? 你有没有备用的字典借我用用？
You should already be in town. We are counting on you. 
“count on someone” means to depend on them.??依靠、依赖、指望…… 
Don’t ask Jeff to drive you to the airport. He’s always late. You can’t count on that guy.  你别让杰弗载你去机场。他总迟到，你指不上他的。
Beth and I are both injured. We need you to go call an ambulance. We’re counting on you.  我们都受伤了。你去叫个急救车来，我们全靠你了。
Don’t worry, father. I won’t let you down. 别担心爸爸，我不会让你失望的。
“let sb down” is to disappoint somebody or fail them when they need you.?? 
　　让……失望，让……心灰意冷 
The team needs you to score the winning goal. Don’t let them down.
　　球队等你赢制胜的一分呢。别让我们失望。
Russ said he could help me fix my car, but he never showed up. He really lets me down.   罗斯答应要帮我修车，可他一直没来，我真失望。
Uphold the family honor??光宗耀祖 
Movie tunes原声碟
reflection 歌手:christina aguielra 专辑: 电影“花木兰”(Mulan) 
look at me     you may think you see who i really am 
but you'll never know me    ev'ry day 
it's as if i play a part    now i see 
if i wear a mask i can fool the world 
but i can not fool my heart ……..

ACTION?ENGLISH  ?57
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Gangster movie??黑帮片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
Let's get this show on the road = let's start it. / let's go.??我们开始吧
例句??Is everyone here? Good. Let's get this show on the road.
?????? 各位都到齐了么，那我们就开始吧。
?????? Well it's late. We still haven't left yet. Let's get this show on the road.
?????? 这么晚了我们还不走。赶快出发吧。
Classic Film Clips
Nice work = good job / well done??干得好，干得漂亮
例句??You finished the beautiful painting in one day.Nice work!
????????你一天就画出来这么棒的画，干得漂亮！
????????Nice work on the report.It was excellent.
????????干得好，报告写得真不错。
Well, I'm here to play his game.
Play one's game = to compete with or fight against someone.
例句??Don't listen to Cathy. She's just trying to make you angry. Don't play her game.?????? 你别生Cathy的气，她是故意想气你，别去跟她闹。
?????? My girlfriend thinks that by flirting with other guys she can make me jealous. Well, I can play her game too. I flirt with other women.?????? 我女朋友认为，如果她跟别的男人调情，我就会吃醋。没问题，我陪她玩，我去跟别的女人调情。
MOVIE TUNES 
I'll Make A Man Out of You――电影“花木兰”(Mulan)
Key words:  tranquil, on fire, centre, spineless, pale, pathetic

ACTION?ENGLISH?  58
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Silent Movie??无声电影（默片）
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
Let's move it.??1. go faster??快一点     2. get out of the way??让道，闪开点
例句??We're gonna be late for school. Let's move it.?????? 我们上学要迟到了，快点好么。
?????? Don't stand in the doorway talking. Move it. I need to pass.
?????? 别站在走廊说话，让开点，我要过去。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白
Those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be a captain.
这些小伙子不适合当士兵，你也不适合当校尉。
Be fit for sth. / to do sth.??适合……
例句??You never come to class and you never do homework. You are not fit to be a student.  ?????? 你不来上课，也不做作业。你不适合当学生。
?????? Hey, you're very sick. You're not fit for work right now. Go home and relax.?????? 你病得不轻，现在不适合干活了。回家休息休息吧。
That guy mess with my plan.??这小子把我的计划全都毁了。
Mess with sth.??把……搞砸，把……弄得一塌糊涂
例句??My dad was messing with my computer. So it isn't working properly right now. ?????? 我爸爸把我的电脑弄坏了，所以现在它不好使了。
?????? Don't mess with my papers. If you do,I'll lose something.? 别动我的论文，不然我会丢东西的。 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
True To Your Heart―电影“花木兰”(Mulan)

ACTION?ENGLISH?  59
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
Romance / romantic movie / movie romance??浪漫爱情片
Romantic??浪漫的
Romantic lead??浪漫爱情片主演
Romantic comedy??浪漫爱情喜剧片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
Dumb blonde??头脑愚笨的金发美人（一部分西方人认为金发美女都是头脑空空的）    
Blonde??金发美女    Blond??金发少年
例句??Stop giving the wrong answers in class. They will think you are a dumb blonde.??? 你别在课堂上回答问题了，你总是答错。不然他们会认为你是那种头脑愚笨的金发妞。
Classic Film Clips
Law school's a completely different world.     A different world??大不一样
例句??Living in Australia feels like a different world from living in China.
?????? 住在澳大利亚的感觉跟住在中国完全不一样。
Dicking around??瞎玩，瞎闹，混日子，不严肃，不正经
例句??Quit dicking around.We have a lot of work to do.You need to stay focuse.
?????? 你别再瞎闹了，我们还有很多工作呢，全神贯注吧。
Break up = to divide or separate??分开，分手
例句??I can't believe she broke up with me.We've only been going out for 2 months.I thought she really liked me.?????? 我没法相信她竟然跟我提出分手。我们才好了两个月，我原以为她真的喜欢我。

ACTION?ENGLISH?   60
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
Role??角色  play a role of??扮演……角色   character??人物
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
She stuffed them in her mouth..    Stuff??sth..??狼吞虎咽地吃……
例句??Are you hungry?  ? I could stuff a whole chicken down my stomach right now.
??????   你饿了么？           我现在能把一只整鸡塞进肚子里。
Classic Film Clips
Put sb. on the spot = put sb. in a difficult situation??让……难堪，让…下不来台。
例句??The teacher put me on the spot today when he asked me to read out loud my essay in front of the whole class.?????? 老师让我在全班同学的面前大声朗读我的论文，这真的让我很难堪。
?????? You're really putting me on the spot by asking me for money. I don't have that much right now, either. 你管我要钱我很下不来台的。我现在也没有那么多。
Kick sb. Out = throw sb. out/send sb. away?? 把……轰出去，赶出去。
例句??We had to kick a guy out of the bar for being too drunk.. He caught fall asleep on the table.? 我们昨晚把一个醉鬼给轰出去了。他趴在我的桌上睡着了。
?????? My girlfriend kicked me out of apartment when she found out I was cheating on her.???? 我的女朋友发现我在骗她，就把我赶出了公寓。
No biggie = It's nothing / no problem??没什么大不了的
例句??I'm sorry I can't make it to go to your house for dinner tonight.
?????? No biggie. I'm too tired to cook a big meal anyway.
?????? 我很抱歉我今天去不了你家了。
?????? 没问题，没问题。我今天挺累的了，要我做大餐我可能也受不了。
?????? My girlfriend told me it's no biggie that I didn't buy her a present for Valentine's Day. I don't believe her. I think she's mad.??? 我忘了给我女朋友买情人节礼物，可她说这没什么大不了的。我才不信她呢，她肯定气疯了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟
Underground―电影“魔幻迷宫” 
Key words:  underground, blame, rejection

ACTION?ENGLISH? 61
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
Documentary??纪录片  Documentary movie??纪录片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
Spill = to reveal or disclose personal information? ?1.把内心世界讲给别人听??2.（引伸义）泄露
例句??Janny was so upset with the fight she had with her husband.??She had to spill all the details to her mother.?????? 珍妮和丈夫吵架很生气，她得去找妈妈好好地聊一聊。
?????? Who spilled the news about the surprise birthday party? Now everyone knows, including the birthday girl.?????? 谁把生日宴会这个惊喜泄露出去的？现在包括寿星在内，所有的人都知道了。
Classic Film Clips
Walking felony??危险人物，恐怖人物
例句??That girl is a walking felony in that dress. She is so *y that she made all the other girls look bad.?????? 那个姑娘可是个危险人物。她穿那个裙子太性感了，其他人都黯然失色了。
?????? There's a walking felony. That guy's so drunk that he looks like he's about to ride his bike into the back of the bus.?????? 那有一危险人物。他一定是喝多了，想把自行车往公交车上开。
Am I on glue?    On glue=not thinking clearly??犯傻，冒傻气
例句??She must have been on glue to wear that dress to the party. It makes her look so bad.?????? 她穿那件裙子去晚会真是冒傻气。那看起来差劲极了。
?????? Are you on glue? I've told you millions of times that I don't like seafood. Why do you order lobster??????? 你是不是脑子进水了？我都告诉你多少次了我不吃海鲜。你为什么还点龙虾？
Come on, be serious.=stop dicking around and be more realistic??现实一点，实际一点
例句??Hey c'mon, e serious. You can't really slam dunk a basketball.
?????? 行了，现实一点。你根本就不能扣篮的。
Slam dunk??灌篮，扣篮
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟  Dance Magic―电影“魔幻迷宫”(labyrinth)
Key words: magic, remind, babe, power, voodoo

Action?English  ?62
Movie Dictionary
Splatter movie? 暴力电影
American Slang
I blew it? 我把……搞砸了
例句? I really wanted to go to law school,but I blew the exams.I can't get in right now.
?????? I really blew the chances with Marlyn when I told her she looked fat in the dress she's wearing.
Classic Film Clips
Talk sb. out of sth. =convince sb. to change his mind? 劝…不要…；劝…改变想法
例句? David was to drop out of school.I'm trying to talk him out of it.
??????? I can't talk her out of marrying him.She won't listen to me.
?A good look for sb.? ……很适合……；……穿……很漂亮
例句? That light jacket makes you look like a rock star.It's a good look for you.It's so cool.
Cardinal rule=fundamental rule? 最基本原则
例句? The first cardinal rule of driving is you must obey all traffic lights.
?????? The first cardinal rule of speaking good English is keeping practicing.
Movie Tunes
?More Than You Know---电影“疯狂的贝克兄弟”(The Fabulous Baker Boys)

Action?English?  63
Movie Dictionary
Released? 发行
American Slang
No stunt? 别玩什么花样
例句? I don't like it when you drive your motorcycle really fast.I'm not interested in those kinds of stunts.
Classic Film Clips
Out of one's mind? 疯了，晕了头了
例句? What do you mean you drop out of school to join a rock band?Are you out of your mind?
?A little bell goes off in your head/mind? 突然想起一件很重要的事
例句? How could you forget to watch the Action English.It's our program.Didn't a bell go off in your mind to remind you??I don't even know who you are anymore.? 我都不知道你是谁了；我都快不认识你了。
例句? First you told me you're from America,then you said you're from Canada,and now I find out you're from Australia.I don't even know who you are anymore.
Movie Tunes
?Makin' Whoopie----电影“疯狂的贝克兄弟”(The Fabulous Baker Boys)
Key words: groom, bride

Action?English  ?64
Movie Dictionary
?Dissolve? 叠化
American Slang
?Boogie=dance? 跳舞
例句? That girl sure knows how to boogie.She's got great moves.
????????  I love this song.let's boogie.
Classic Film Clips
Time is running out=you have no much time left to do what you're doing? 时间不多了 、 时间到了
例句? We've to finish sewing your dress.Time is running out.The dance is tomorrow night.
??????? The test is tomorrow morning and I haven't even started studying.Time is running out.
?Make it easy on you? 放你一马
例句? Instead of climing all these stairs,I'll make it easy on you.We use the elevator.
??????? I'll make it easy on you,if you promise to be on time for work from now on.I won't fire you for being late today.
Wait a minute = stop what you're doing? 稍等一下
例句? Hey wait a minute,I just thought of something.If we take route 6,we'll get there a lot faster.
??????? If you wait a minute and let me explain,I'll let you know why the Rolling Stones are a better band than the Beatles.
Movie Tunes
?Just You Wait----电影“窈窕淑女”（My Fair Lady)
Key words: be sorry, broke, funny

Action English 动感英语?? 65
Movie dictionary 电影词典
montage 蒙太奇（法语）
American slang 美国俚语
You're nuts 你疯了吗？
例：Are you nuts ? you drived the car so fast !
Classic film clips 经典对白 
（1）You know what I mean 你明白我的意思吗？
（2）dropped sb 抛弃
例：As soon as I told my girlfriend that I didn't have lot of money, she dropped me （我一告诉我女朋友我没有钱，她就离开我了）
（3）like you never existed 就当这个人不存在
例：They treat me like I never existed .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Young Heart Run Free What's the sense in sharing, this one and only life
Endin' up, just another lost and lonely wife
You'll count up the years, and they will be filled with tears
Love only breaks up, to start over again   You'll get the baby, but you won't have your man
While he is busy loving every woman that he can, uh-huh
Say I'm gonna leave a hundred times a day  It's easier said than done
When you just can't break away (when you just can't break away)

Action English 动感英语  66
Movie dictionary 电影词典
studio 电影制片厂
American slang 美国俚语
Maybe it isn't such a hot idea （片中）  a hot idea 非常好的主意 
例：I have a hot idea, why don't we have a lunch and go to the beach today, won't there be fun.
?? That idea you came up with for the new campaign is really hot.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）no kidding 当然了??=of course 
例：We have to buy Mom a present for her birthday , yeah, no kidding .
???? No kidding , Priston's a hard school to get into ,why do you think I work so hard ?
（2）that was close 你可真够悬的
例：That car almost ran right into you , that was close .
??????That was close my girlfriend almost saw me talking to another girl.
（3）brace yourself 做好准备
例：Brace yourself the economy might not get better for a while , start saving money now.
????This rollercoaster is really wild! Brace yourself 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Everybody's free to feel good 
赏析：歌曲选自“罗密欧与朱丽叶”

Action English?? 67
Movie dictionary 电影词典
doom 话筒
American slang 美国俚语
bimbo 花花公主
例：I don't like that girl, she's always standing at the bar in tight clothes waiting men to buy her drinks. She’s such a bimbo.
??You can't wear that dress, it's so low cut. I don't want you looked like a bimbo.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）big time 非常多，非常大（难度）
例：I'm gonna get in trouble big time , if I don't do my homework. Hit big time, baby.
（2）barking up the wrong tree 找错了人
例：you're barking up the wrong tree , if you think I'm gonna give you guitar lessons , you know I can't play.
???? If you think that Mark ever gonna ask you marry him, you're barking up the wrong tree, he doesn't want to family right now.
（3）catch you later 一会见??= see you later 
例：I'm later for the meeting,so I'll catch you later , maybe we can see each other tonight.
???? I don't want to go to the movies, so I'll catch you later .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Secret Kingdom

Action?English  68
Movie dictionary 电影词典
first AD （assistant director ）第一副导演
American slang 美国俚语
take a rain check??改天
例：I can't make it to dinner tonight, can I take a rain check ?
??????I 'll take??a rain check on going to the movie ,I have too much work to do tonight . 
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）a babe fest 帅哥靓女云集的地方。 fest 是festival的缩写
例：Let's go to the beach ,It's a babe fest .
?????? The "o" bar is full of beautiful people , it's a total babe fest .
其他：meat fest ; jazz fest ; film fest 
（2）grease some wheels??拉近关系； 花钱贿赂（引申）
例：If you want to make sure your firm gets the account ,you should grease some wheels with  the client.
????We had to grease some wheels to get into the VIP room.
总结：grease some wheels with sb 
????????? ?grease some wheels to do sth 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Once I Was Loved 
???????? from “水晶鞋与玫瑰花”

Action English  69
Movie dictionary 电影词典
computer graphics （CG）电脑动画
American slang 美国俚语
clueless 脑子不灵活的，笨的
例：That American tourist is so clueless she thinks 100 kuai is a good price for a cup of coffee
?????? I 'm clueless when it comes to woman I have no idea what they want.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）buddy up with somebody ：1. become friend 交朋友  2. very close to somebody 拉近关系
例：Can I buddy up with you ?I need a new lab partner for chemistry class.
??????You should buddy up with someone , you don't want to get lost in the crowd.
（2）drawing a blank 一片空白
I' m totally drawing a blank .（ 片中）
例：I can't remember??the name of that restaurant??we went to last night ,I 'm drawing a blank
??????I'm drawing a blank , what was your brother's??name again.
（3）beat it out of somebody 逼...说出（开玩笑）
例：She wouldn't tell me the name of her new boyfriend ,I practically had to beat it out of her .
??????He didn't want to tell me the address to the party , I had to beat it out of him.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Life in Mono （单一人生）?????????? from “远大前程”
The stranger sang a theme from someone else's dream
The leaves began to fall and no one spoke at all But I can't recall When you come along 

Actiong English   70
Movie dictionary 电影词典
best picture 最佳影片
American slang 美国俚语 （选自“选美俏佳人”）
creepy??有点怪，有点吓人 =strange 
例：That girl is really creepy. She always staring at me funny.
??????I' m afraid to go into that store , That guy who work there is creepy.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）got nothing on 没有抓住把柄
You people got nothing on me .（你没有抓住我的把柄）片中
例：You can't prove that I was the one who stole your bike.
??????We can't get her fired , we're got nothing on her .
（2）right back at you 彼此彼此， 可译谢谢我也是
例：A: Hey , you're a really good teacher .  ??????B: right back at you .
 ??????A: You look really nice??tonight .      ??????B: right back at you .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Don' Lost Your Head??
You shot your mouth 
off like a kid
Who's scared to have a heart 
Losing grip of what really matters 

Action English  71
Movie dictionary 电影词典
feature movie 故事片
American slang??美国俚语
Don't blow it all at once （片中）??????????from"The Die Another Day "（007）
blow sth on??挥霍????means to use it carelessly or just waste
例：You should't blow all you money on beer , rent is due next week.
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1）Hong Kong is our turf now .（片中）
turf??地盘?? means it is a land or territory belong to someone 
例：The garden is my Mom's turf , I would't go digging around in there .
（花园那是*地盘，我不能去那捣乱）
（2）help you settle a score （片中）
settle a score 找...算账??means to clear up some old debt , usually with violence .
例：Either you pay up now ,or I'll send it my bodyguards to settle the score .
（如果你不现在还钱给我，不然我就让我的保镖找你算账）
（3）a chance to get even （片中）  get even with 报复?? means to take arevenge on somebody 
例：She wanted a chance to get even with him after he broke her heart .
Movie Tunes??原声碟
There are times when you make me laugh   There are moments when you drive me mad 
There are second when I see the light many time though make me cry 
There's something you don't understand .   出自“闻香识女人”

Action English   72
Movie dictionary 电影词典
―Digital 数字化 （由0和1组成） 
American slang 美国俚语
―who’s bankrolling your makeover ? 谁出钱给你整的容呢？ 
*bankroll something 为某事出钱 
　　　　means something provide the money , necessary to do something.
Eg: I found some foreign investors to bankroll our new night club. 
?? 我发现很多外商都在为咱们的新夜总会投钱。 
Eg: That company is bankrolling our office party this year. Everything is free. 那家公司今年要为咱们办公室聚会投资，一切都是免费的。 
Classic film clips 经典对白
*seeing things in black and white 把什么问题看的过于简单，刻板。 
Eg: I’m seeing things in black and white , you’re either with us or against us. 我把一切都看清楚了，要么你站在我这边，要么就反对我。 
Eg : You have to stop seeing things in black and white, there are many ways to look at a situation. 你不应该如此简单的看待问题，因为有许多方法的。 
―???? from nothing to everything in no time at all。 以很快的速度从无到有。 
** in no time at all= to do something very quickly 没花多少时间做某事。 
Eg :I can’t believe I finished my work so fast. It took no time at all . 
我简直不能相信我很快就完成工作了，几乎毫不费力。 
***tread carefully 格外小心。 
Eg : The situation is very serious, tread carefully. 形式很危险，要格外小心呢。 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
―电影《这个杀手不太冷》插曲《谁知我心》 the shape of my heart. 
*deals the cards 分牌给某人 
**meditation 沉思，冥想。 
***suspect 怀疑。

Action English  73
Movie dictionary 电影词典
??analog 模拟
American slang 美国俚语
I’ll always be a jinx to you. 我会永远给你带来霉运。
Jinx = brings bad luck????扫把星
Eg: I think this watch is a jinx to me. Every time I wear it, Something bad happens.
?? 看来这块手表给我带来坏运气。每次我戴上它，倒霉的事情就发生了。
?? Some people think the year of Goad is a jinx. ?? 人们普遍认为羊年不吉利。
Classic film clips 经典对白
―? You’re turned up next to nothing . 你做的很糟糕。(= you done a bad job)
*next to nothing = very little 几乎。
Eg : I asked you to help me to find a new apartment, but you’re turned up next to nothing.
I have to ask someone else next time. 
我叫你帮我找套公寓，但是你没有办到。下次我就找别人了。
―???? let him mix things up a little. 让他换个新的方法。
mix things up = to try new things where old ones are failing. 换个新花样，新方法。
Eg : let’s try to mix things up today in our program.. 今天我们尝试着在我们的项目中换个新方法。
―???? I’m sure things would be get out of hand. 我确信时局将会失控。
*** get out of hand 失控；难应付。
Eg : I think you’d better go and apologize to the guy before the flights gets out of hand. 
我想你最好在冲突发生前去和那个家伙道歉。
??Eg : A: hey, you look terrible. What’s going on ? B: I’ve so much work to do. It’s getting out of hand.
你看上去很不舒服，发生什么事情了？ 我有好多工作要做，很难应付。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
?? ―选自《音乐之声》 the sound of music??<do re mi>

Action English  74
Movie dictionary??电影词典
movie-goer??电影观众
American slang??美国俚语???? 选自“The Die Another Day "
You fun is about to come to a dead end .（片中）
dead end??死胡同，没有出路??可作n,??adj?? means is a place where there's nowhere else to go 
例：This route is a dead end , Let's find another way to go .
??????She was stuck in dead end job , There were no opportunities for advancement .
Classic film clips??经典对白
（1）bring as up to speed （片中）  up to speed??关键??be brought "up to speed "means to be informed of all the important points in a matter .
例：If you bring us up to speed on the proposal , We'll be able to make a decision better.
????? ?Now that I'm up to speed on how this machine works , I'll actually be able to use it 
（2）get down to business 开始工作??means get to work 
例：You need to stop wasting time and get down to business , There's a lot of work to be done today.
（3）leave this in the hands of the British（片中）
Leave sth in the hands 交给?? leave sth in the hands some time means to leave them in charge of it ,They are responsible.
例：Why did you leave dinner in the hands of Dad? He's a terrible cook.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I Just Called To Say I Love You ---- “红衣女郎”

Action English 动感英语?? 75
Movie dictionary??电影词典
key light??主光； others light of movie ：辅助光，背景光
American slang 美国俚语???? 选自“王牌对王牌”
negotiate 谈判；negotiator 谈判者  stay cool 镇静
例：When we go to the party tonight stay cool , You don't want the ladies to think you're a geek .
   我们今夜去聚会。镇静些！你可别让那些女士认为你是个呆瓜哦。
　geek 呆瓜，只懂读书不懂娱乐的人  放到姑娘群里会很紧张的人
????This is an important meeting , I know you can handle it .
　　这是个很重要的会议。镇定一点。我知道你能掌控好。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）saved the day 拯救...的一天；帮....很大的忙（引申）力挽狂澜
例：Our team was losing the game until Duren scored 3 goals in a row ! I saved the day. 直到duran连进仨球力挽狂澜，我们队才不至于输掉比赛。
（2）All right ,He's all talk （片中）
all talk 光说不做????means you haven't done , only say , not action 
例：You're all talk , There's no way you got five girls phone numbers tonight . 嘿！你在吹牛呢。 今晚你不可能弄到5个女孩子的电话号码。
?????? You think you can beat me at tennis ? You're all talk , I've seen you play , and I can beat you playing with my left hand. 你认为能在网球比赛中击败我。你简直是吹牛。我看过你的比赛，我能用左手击败你！
（3）off the record that was the hell one of??guys job （片中）
off the record 非正式的? means I just tell you 不让局外人知道，只是你知我知。
例：Our boss is a very important man , but off the hand , I think he's a lazy fool .我们的老板是个举足轻重的人物，但是私底下，他又懒又笨。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Golden Eyes 
See reflections on the water more than darkness in the depths
see them surface and never a shadow , on the wind I feel his breath 
Golden eyes ,I find you Golden eyes , he'll do what I..............

Action English ??76
Movie dictionary??电影词典
back light 背景光
American slang??美国俚语??
?? 选自“王牌对王牌”
freeze ??two means ：don't move 不许动
?????????????????????       ?? that means just stop what you are doing now 
其他警察用语：get down； duck??
例：Freeze , right there ! You can't take my bicycle without asking 
??????I understand your proposal , but can we just freeze for a minute and go over the last part again .
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Don't make things worse than they already are 你不要添乱
例：He's already been rejected by three university , Don't make things worse than they already they are by telling him you've been accepted to Harvard .
???? If you keep pressuring him he might not ask you to marry him, Don't make things worse than they already are. 
（2）join the party 同病相怜???? means join in the bad situation 
例：A：I can't find a date for the dance on Friday night .  ? B：??join the party , neither can I. 
????A： If I don't get into university , my parents are gonna kill me .  ????B： join the party 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Die Anther Day 
I'm gonna wake up - yes and no
I'm gonna kiss some part of ....
I'm gonna keep a this secret 
I'm gonna close my body down 
I'm kiss die not day 
I'm kiss die not day 

Action English  77
Movie dictionary 电影词典
fill light??辅助光
American slang 美国俚语
I'll give you a shot （片中）give sb a shot?? 给...机会means give it a try 
sth a shot 尝试
例：I'm not sure If I'll be able to help you with your homework , but I 'll give it a shot . 我不能确定能否帮助你写家庭作业。但是我会去试试的。
??????You're not really qualified for this job , but I like you ,so I'll give you a shot .  ????你不是很胜任这项工作。可我喜欢你。所以我会给你这个机会的。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）You still sweating that ugly display.（片中）  ugly display 行为恶劣
例：Can you believe the ugly display, he put on at the dinner party last night? He kept saying the food was bad. 你能相信昨晚他在餐会上的劣行吗？他一直在抱怨菜的质量。
（2）stop kicking yourself??（片中）  kicking yourself 自责
例：I know you're upset about failing that test, but stop kicking yourself , you tried your best.我知道你在为考试失利而难过，但是你别再自责了。因为你已经尽力了。
stop kicking yourself 不要自责。
start kicking yourself 加油！
（3）He's trying to make up think twice about taking him out .（片中）
think twice 仔细考虑?,再三考虑。?means we can consider 
例：He’s trying to make us think twice about taking him out .
　　他企图让我们再三考虑放过他。
   I took the job as soon as they offered it , I didn't even think twice.
   他们一给我提供了这个工作我就参加了，我都没加考虑。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Gold Finger 
Gold finger he's the man the man with the Midas touch 
a spider's touch such a cold finger Beckons you to enter 
his web of sin  but don't go in ........
midas touch 源于古希腊神话。点石成金的人
Beckons you 召唤你   Sin 犯罪

Action English   78
Movie dictionary??电影词典
high angle shot 俯角拍摄
American slang 美国俚语
itching to walk in there and take you out （片中）
itching to do something 迫不及待做...热切期望
例：Oh, man, I'm itching to get off work , I have a hot date tonight .
     噢，先生。我已经迫不及待要下班了。今晚我有个很棒的约会啊！
Classic flim clips 经典对白
（1）couldn't pull this off by yourself （片中）
pull something off?? 克服困难做成某事。
例：I don't know how we're gonna pull this meeting off , we still don't have all the facts.  我真不知道我们该如何把会开下去。我们又没有任何数据。
（2）leave somebody hanging 把....晾在一边， 不理睬
例：Why didi you ignore me at the part last night? 昨晚你为什么忽略了我？
　　I can't believe you left me hanging . 我简直不能相信你能将我置之不理。
?????They never told me why they turned down my appointment they just left me hanging.  他们没对外婆解释为何拒绝我。他们只是把我晾在了一边。
（3）play dumb 装傻
例：Stop playing dumb! I know you know who ate the last piece of cake . 别再装傻了！我知道你清楚是谁吃的最后一块蛋糕。
??????When the police get here, Let's play dumb, I don't want to get in trouble??for something I didn't do. 警察来这时，咱们得装傻。我可不想卷入麻烦，我可什么都没做啊！
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I Don't Want To  I could stay awake just to hear you breathing , watch 
you smile while you are sleeping while you're far away and dreaming 
I just wanna stay with you in this moment forever 
Forever and ever   I don't want to close my eyes   I don't want to fall things 
I miss you   I don't want to miss thing.....................

Action English   79
Movie dictionary
#??low angle shot 仰角拍摄
American slang 
#??silly 傻的，蠢的。
Eg :??Don’t be silly.??不要再傻了。
I don’t have to go to school today. It’s Sunday.??今天我没必要上学。因为是周日。
Eg :??That song is so silly!?? 那首歌糟透啦！
The words don’t make any sense.?? 歌词很空洞，无任何意义。
Classic film clips 
#?? turn on the charm 施展，释放魅力 。
eg :??If you want girl to like you. 如果你想让女孩喜欢你。
You’d better turn on the charm . 你就要施展你的魅力喽。
#?? turn off the charm 收敛魅力。
Eg :??I’m not gonna buy you a new pair of shoes.??我没打算要买鞋给你。
So you can turn off the charm, it doesn’t work on me!??所以你也不用费心机了，对我没有任何用处的！
#?? break something in （指物）磨合。
Eg :??I need to break in these new shoes . 我得把这双新鞋磨合磨合。
They are a little tight for my feet.??因为我穿着有点小。
#?? break somebody in ??（指人）帮助某人适应某事。
Eg :??we need to break in the new guy .??我们得帮帮那小子了
He doesn’t understand the way things work around here .??他不太懂这的规矩哦！
#?? get over it ??it means move onto sth new .?? 忘掉过去，重头来。
Eg :??You didn’t make the team this year .??你今年未能进入球队 。
Get over it !??忘掉它吧！
You can come back here again next year .??明年争取回来。
Eg :??That guy doesn’t like you .??那家伙不喜欢你 。
Get over it !??别再去想它了 ！
There’ll be other nice guys around there to date . 还有好多漂亮小伙呢 。 
Movie tunes 
# 选自电影〈欢乐满人间〉插曲〈supercalifragilisticexpialidocious〉棒极了
#??atrocious??糟透了  #??precocious??早熟的 

Action English  80
Movie dictionary 电影词典
independent film （indy-film）独立制作电影
American slang 美国俚语
It was a hoot （片中）  a hoot 有趣的人或事或境况
例：How did the party trun out ?The party last night was a hoot , I had a great time .
???? What do you think of Dave? Dave sure is a hoot , He's always got a funny story to tell.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Just a little wind knocked out of you .（片中）
wind knocked out of somebody 喘不过气来
例：Tommy punched me really hard in my stomach; it knocked the wind knocked out of me.
??????（Tommy 真的是狠狠地打了我的肚子，我都喘不过来气了）
???? I got the wind knocked out of me, when I fell off my bike 
（2）bad news sports fan 有个坏消息告诉你
例：Bad news sports fan ,you favorite TV shows just got cancelled.
??????Bad news sports fan , I just ate the last piece of cake.
（3）when you messed with my girl （片中）
don't mess with 别打扰
例：Don't mess with Steve , He's trying to finish his homework.
??????You shouldn't mess with these guys, They're very dangerous you could get hurt .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Holiday With Mary  It's a jolly holiday with Mary , Mary makes 
Your heart so light   When the day is gray and ordinary , Mary 
makes the sun shine bright  oh, happiness is bloom in.....

Action English  81
Movie dictionary 电影词典
#??location 外景拍摄地  #??on location 到外景地去拍摄
#??set 置景  
American slang 美国俚语
#??prank ??it means a trick one place on another .??恶作剧
eg : We’re hiding our teacher’s bike from her .??我们把老师的自行车藏起来了。
?? It was a great prank !??真是一个太棒的恶作剧啊！
?? She was looking for it for hours .??她已经找了好几个小时了 。
#??play a prank 恶作剧
Eg : You guys better stop playing those prank on your sister . 你们几个家伙最好别欺负你妹妹了！
You’re * her very upset .??你把她给伤害了。
Classic film clips 经典对白
#??sit tight ??it means to wait patiently??耐心的等待
Eg : Sit tight !?? 耐心点！
dinner’s gonna be ready for five minutes .??晚饭五分钟之内就会做好的。
Eg : If you sit tight for a second .??如果你能稍安勿躁些。
????I’ll explain what happened in the meeting today .??我会向你解释今天会上所发生的一切。
Eg : If you sit tight for a second .??若你能耐心等等。
We’ll give you more good stuff .??我们会教给你更多的东西的。
#??bigger fish to fry?? it means sb have sth more important to do??有更重要的事情要办。
Eg : I can’t waste my time in this dead end job .??我再也不想把时间僵在这工作上了。
?? I’ve got bigger fish to fry .??我要去办更有意义的事情。
Eg : I don’t care if I get into BeiDa .??我不在乎是否被北大录取。
?? I’ve got bigger fish to fry .??我还有远大前程呢！
?? I’m going to UCCA .??我即将去南加洲了。
#??Is that your story ?????is another way of saying “Is that your excuse” ?
?? 就这个借口吗？（带讽刺意味）
eg : You’re telling me you’re late for work this morning just because the bus broke down ?
?? 你说你今天上班迟到了仅仅是因为公交车抛锚吗？
#??anniversary 结婚周年庆典 
eg : You’re telling me you forgot our anniversary just because you’re working too hard ?  你说你忘记了咱们的结婚周年庆典，就是因为你工作很辛苦吗？??
Movie tunes 原声碟
#??选自《欢乐满人间》插曲< spoonful of sugar >??多加一匙汤??
#??spoonful 一满匙  #??go down 咽下  #??delightful 乐意的
just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down in the most delightful way 
仅仅多加一匙汤，就可以帮你已最愉快的方式咽下苦苦的药！

Action English  82
Movie dictionary 电影词典
wipe 划像
American slang 美国俚语
it was a phase??.（片中）
phase 一个人一生中必经阶段（is another way of of saying a period in one’s life??）
go through a phase??历经的一个阶段
例：I went through a phase in high school where I dyed my hair bright purple.     上高中时我经历了一个将头发染成紫色的阶段。
???? I'm in a phase of my life , when I really need to focus on my career . 我要历经生活中的必经阶段，那就是我必须要全身心投入到我的工作中。
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）I'm going down a road .    going down a road 人生道路
例：Don't drop out of school I've been down the road and it makes life very difficult .  不要退学，好吗？我是过来人了，那样会很糟糕的。
??????I need to keep going down this road , I think it's gonna my way.   ?我会照我的路走下去的。?我认为一定会成功的。
（2）playing it safe 干....为了保险，做....不够大胆 （it means choosing the safest or least way to do sth .）
例：I'm not sure how many people are coming here for dinner tonight , let's just play it safe and make some extra food . 我不能确定今晚将有多少人来赴宴。保险起见，还是多做点吧。
????I hate playing tennis with Bob , he's not very aggressive , he's always playing it safe.  我不喜欢和BOB打网球。他太缩手缩脚了，打的很保守。
（3）Deep down, we're not right for each other .（片中）
deep down 说真的 (it means how you feel in your heart ,your true feelings .）
例：Deep down , we’re not right for each other .?说真的，我们并不合适。
Deep down, I really love her, I think I should ask her to marry me. 老实说，我的确很爱她！?我应该让她嫁给我。
???? I'm not sure how I feel about moving to American , deep down , I don't really think , It's the right decision for me . 对于移居美国，我不知道该怎么想。??但说真的，我认为那并不合适我。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Sister Suffragette
Cast off the shackles of yesterday  抛开昨天的束缚
Shoulder to shoulder into the fray?  我们要去*
Our daughter's daughters will 
adore us , and they'll??sing in grateful chorus  我们女儿的女儿会敬仰我们的，并且会为咱们唱一首颂歌
"we'll done sister suffragette"   加油吧！参政权姐姐！
#??cast off 抛开  #??shackle??束缚  #??shoulder to shoulder 肩并肩 
#??fry 争论，辩论  #??a grateful chorus 一首颂歌

Action English??  83
Movie dictionary 电影词典
四大电影学院
American slang 美国俚语
Which seats him in the crazy but not stupid （片中）   crazy 疯了
例：He shouldn't drive his car so fast , he's crazy, he's get into an accident someday.他不该开这么快的。他真是疯了！不定哪天得出事了。
???? Are you crazy ? There's no way, I'm going out with her, she's ugly and she smells ?（你疯了吗？我怎么能和她约会，她长得难看而且身上有种怪味道）
Classic film clips??经典对白????选自“Speed”生死时速
（1）You're the expert , I just work here （片中）
I just work here 我只是干活的，不能做决定
　　例：I can't tell you how to run the company, you're the boss, I just work here . 我不知道如何经营公司。?你是老板，我只是个打工的。
　　Don't ask me how we choose the movies for this show, I just work here.          不要问我是如何为这个节目挑选影片的，我可作不了主。
（2）He's cutting it close做 .....来不及（临时抱佛脚）
例：The test is tomorrow morning and we haven't even started study yet, that’s cutting it too close.?明早就测验了，咱们可还没开始复习哪。?咱们抓紧看看吧。
（3）I don't know , Gut feeling （片中）  Gut feeling 预感
例：I have a gut feeling, she likes me, so I 'm gonna ask her out.
　　　　凭直觉，她喜欢我。? 所以我要约她出去。
???? I have a gut feeling, this landlord is honest, and so I think we should move in here.  ?我感觉这个房东挺厚道的。?所以我想咱们该搬进来吧。
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Land of Million Drums   （鼓之地）
There is always something going on 
If you can't locate the way   might as well go on take you dead home 
In the land of a million drums   I catch a pattern that spits 
ring around you like Saturn......................
#??pattern 节奏   #??Saturn??火星   #??spits rings 无数的光环 
In the land of a million drums????在鼓之地中 
??I catch a pattern that spits rings around you like Saturn .?? 无数个鼓点儿像火星光环一样围绕在你的周围~~~~~ 

@@@不好意思，今天jean哥哥在讲时，我没有反应过来，还在等着单词的出现，可是结束后，我才猛然回想起，原来jean哥哥在一开头就说：今天要讲的是一个概念，而不是词汇。所以没能记下美国四大电影学院（还是机构？） 现在特地奉上美国八大电影公司来弥补。
　　其实八大有两种不同的说法，早期的八大是指环球,派拉蒙,米高梅,联美,雷电华,华纳,福斯,哥伦比亚,但雷电华倒闭了,米高梅联美合并,所以最开始的八大早已名存实亡，还有一种说法是美国八大电影公司指的是： 
????1、华纳(WarnerBros')    2、哥伦比亚(Colombia) 
????3、20世纪福斯(20thCenturyFOX) ?　4、派拉蒙(Paramount) 
????5、环球(Universal)     6UA(UnitedArtist)(007) 
????7、MGM(MetroDogwynMayer) 　8、华德迪斯尼(WaltDisney)
????目前的八大应该是环球,派拉蒙,米高梅/联美,华纳,福斯,哥伦比亚/三星,博伟,新线（注：MGM已经被收购，so现在的八大是什么，还没有一个定论）
????只有美国八大电影公司出版的DVD影片才有区码限制，而非DVD原始规格的规定，也就是说，非美国八大电影公司出版的DVD影片都没有区域限制，一般称为自由区域码FreeRegionCode或称全区片。
????八大的网址，方便DY查找影片使用
20th Century Fox二十世纪福斯http://www.foxhome.com/index_frames.html
Columbia Tristar 哥伦比亚三星 http://www.columbiatristarfilms.com/ 
MGM Motion Pictures 米高梅 http://www.mgm.com/home.do
New Line Cinema 新线 http://www.newline.com/
Paramount Motion Pictures 派拉蒙 http://www.paramount.com/
Universal Pictures 环球 http://www.universalstudios.com/index.php
Walt Disney Studios 华特迪斯尼http://disney.go.com/DisneyPictures/main.html
Warner Brothers Movies 华纳兄弟?http://www2.warnerbros.com/web/main/index.jsp
另  Sony Pictures Entertainment 新力 http://www.sonypictures.com/
Miramax 米拉麦克斯 http://www.miramax.com/

Action English?? 84
Movie dictionary 电影词典
short movie 短片
American slang 美国俚语
Pop quiz, hot shot （片中）  hot shot 自大狂、自以为是的人
例：Ok, hot shot , If you're so good at picking up women why don't you go talk to that group of models.  那么好吧，自大的哥们儿！既然你那么会追女人，为什么不去尝试一下那些模特呢？
???? I know you're a good tennis player , hot shot , you don't have to remind me that you won the champion everytime I saw you.  我知道你是个好网球手。但你可别太傲，每次见到我时没必要总提醒我你曾获过冠军杯吧！
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）You've got blinders on to the world （片中）
#?? shot the hostage 向人质射击
blinders on to the world 看不到周围发生的事情，对周围的事情都不知道  （事不关己，高高挂起）
例：Don't you know that today's a holiday or have you got blinders on to the world. 难道你不知道今天是节日吗？不要一副事不关己，高高挂起的样子！
（2）It's my nest egg （片中）
nest egg????two means??：养老金;父母为了孩子上大学，或者买房子，车存的钱。（存款）
例：We've been building out nest egg for years , it wouldn't be wise to waste it on a bad investment .把多年的积蓄投资在这上面是不明智的！
（3）At my age ,you gotta think ahead （片中）think ahead 早做打算
例：If you wanna have enough money for retirement you gotta think ahead and start saving now.? 你若想在退休时有足够的钱，那得提早下手了，现在开始就得节省。 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
It's A Mystery  (故弄玄虚)
Open up your mystery book to chapter one verse three , the part about you and me , and the way our eyes met at the intersection that day ......把书翻到第一章第三节，内容是关于我们的过去，那天，我们目光交错，汇合在十字路口。
#??mystery ??it means sth is complicated ,and you don’t know the answer?? 神秘
#??chapter ?? it means numbered division of a book?? 章节
#??verse ?? it means (form of) writing arranged in lines .诗体（用于圣经，*教中。现在不用）
#??eyes met 目光的交流，接触的一刹那。  #??intersection?? it means crossroads?? 十字路口

Action English   85
Movie dictionary 电影词典
avant grade 先锋派电影
American slang 美国俚语
I??had to bail on the freeway （片中）bail on 放弃 = give up 
例：We had to bail on our golf game, It's pouring rain outside.
     雨下的这么大，看来我们得取消打高尔夫的念头了。
　Why don't you bail on your girlfriend tonight and come out with the boys instead？?你为什么不能放弃今晚和女友的约会,来和哥几个玩去呢?
Classic film clips 经典对白?? 选自“生死时速”Speed
（1）we gotta get these people out of harm's way （片中）
&??oh ! jeez !?? 哦，天哪！
&?? this man has no time 这个人快要死了
harm's way 危险    out of harm's way 脱离危险    in harm's way 陷入危险
例：If you walk home alone at night, you're putting yourself directly in harm's way.  如果你夜里独自回家，等于自找危险。
（2）an act of faith 很有信心
例：Moving to ShangHai required an act of faith , I didn't know if I would be able to find work but I did. 定居上海需要足够的自信。很难说我能否找到工作，但是，我做到了。
（3）show a little charity 大方一点 ??means to be generous with your wealth 
例：  Your business is doing very well , why don't you show a little charity and donate some money to our community.  你挣那么多。为什么不大方些，为咱们社区捐点钱呢？
?????You have so many girlfriends, can't you just introduce me to one of them? show a little charity , man !  你有那么多女朋友，为什么不给我介绍一个呢？大方点吧，哥们~！
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Scooby-Doo , Where are you?   史酷比，你在哪？


Action?English  86
Movie dictionary 电影词典
black and white film 黑白片
American slang 美国俚语
floor it??加速，开快车,把油门踩到最大
e.g. if someone asks you to "floor it "means they want you to drive really really fast 
例：We're gonna be late for the movie, if you floor it we might make it in time.
????  Floor it, Mr. Taxi driver; I have a train to catch.
Classic film clips??经典对白??选自“生死时速”
（1）He's been a step ahead every time （片中）
a step ahead 早一步,棋先一招
e.g. you're thought through a problem and have anticipated possible moves , it can accomplish before anyone.
例：I can never beat my dad at chess, he's always thinking a step head .
???? It seams like you've been a step head of me our entire lives and now you’ve been married.
（2）Ok, jack , this is it , Don't get dead （片中）this is it 唯一的一次机会
another way of saying this is your one and only chance .
例：This is it， the moment we've all been waiting for , can he make this shot and win the championship?
???? This is it, now or never, you either ask me to marry now or I 'm leaving you for good. 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Freaks Come Out At Night 
Broken glass everywhere 
people freak(怪人，不礼貌的，和别人与众不同的) the hallway 
freak the stairs    Ain't a case in the place   no style or grace ..............

Action English   87
Movie dictionary 电影词典
theme song??主题曲
“My Heart Will Go On”from “Titanic”“我心依旧”--席琳迪翁
American slang 美国俚语
sick ??令人作呕的，不舒服的感觉.（一般的意思是生病）
例：  She is sick   ?She is very sick.  That movie was sick, it was too violent.
???? Don't invite Dave to the party, he always offends the guests by telling sick jokes.
Classic film clips 经典对白
（1）Is any of this ringing a bell ?这个难道没有使你想起什么吗？
ring a bell??想起
例：A：Do you know Marry?
?????? B：Her name rings a bell.（名字很耳熟，但是想不起来）
??????We made plans last night to meet today at 2pm to go food shopping, is any of this ringing a bell?
（2）I can take it from here .（片中）take it from here 从某人手中接手做.....
例：Don't worry mom, I’ll finish doing the dishes, you go sit down, I'll take it from here .
Movie Tunes 原声碟
What I Like About You 
What i like about you 
you hold me tight............
tell me you only one   keep on whispering   in my ear , tell me all 
the things , that I wanna hear , 'cause  that's true that's why   what I like about you 

Action English? 88
Movie dictionary 电影词典
Silhouette??剪影
American slang??美国俚语
His dad wiped out half of our pack !（片中） Wipe out 彻底
例：If we don’t stop hunting elephant， the whole species is gonna be wiped out forever .
Classic film clip??经典对白?? from??“??Ice Age ”冰河世纪
（1） you two are a bit of an odd couple （片中）an odd couple 不般配，不合适
例：I wonder if people think we’re an odd couple， you like Elvis and I like the Beatles .（我想人们会觉得我们不般配，因为你喜欢猫王，我喜欢甲壳虫。）
（2）oh, yes, Nice try , bucktooth （片中）
nice try??two means??：尝试很好，但结果不好，没能如愿以偿；讽刺（即使做了结果也不好）
例：It was a nice try to send me flowers but I’m still mad at you for forgetting our anniversary.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Put a Little Love in Your Heart 
Think of your fellow man  lend him a helping hand  put a little love in your heart
You see, it's getting late  oh please don't hesitate  put a little love in your heart

Action English   89
Movie dictionary 电影词典
Gary Cooper 贾利.古柏
西部片明星，早期作品《它》，《翼》。1936年《迪兹先生进城》。5次获得奥斯卡奖项，1943年出演海明威的著名小说《战地钟声》。1952年《正午》也正是因为这部片子他被众所周知。
American slang 美国俚语
bring somebody down  削弱某人的优势，压制一下
例：That newspaper is starting to have too much influence， we need to try to bring it down.
????How are we gonna bring down that team? They're so good; they're won the championship 3 years in a row. （连续三年的冠军）
Classic film clips 经典对白????选自“Ice Age"
（1）I found a shortcut （片中）  take a shortcut 抄近路
例：If we take the shortcut and hop the fence, we won't have to walk all the way around to the front of the building to get there.
（2）what do you take me for ?你把我当成什么了？（很生气的说）
例：I can't believe you think I'd lie about where my family comes from, what do you take me for， a liar?
（3）Hey, guys , check this out ?（片中）  check out 看看这个东西
例：Hey, check out my new skateboard, it's got custom made wheels.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
I'm Alive   I get wings to fly   oh, I'm alive  when you go away
when I hear you breath   I get wings to fly   I feel that I'm alive
when you lose   I can catch the sky

Action English?? 90
Movie dictionary 电影词典
Gregory Peck??格里高利.派克
好莱坞著名男星之一，主要作品《爱德华医生》，《罗马假日》，《杀死一只知更鸟》。电影与艺术科学学会主席，1967年荣获电影艺术科学终身成就奖。忘不了他与赫本主演的“罗马假日”吧？
American slang 美国俚语
But we are the weirdest herd I've ever seen .（片中） weird 奇怪的
例：That girl is really weird; she sits alone at school and never talks to anyone.
Classic film clips??经典对白?? 选自“Ice Age”
（1）I'm sorry I set you up. （片中） set somebody up 陷害
例：I didn't steal your book; someone must have put it in my bag. I was set up.
（2）knock it off squirt??（片中） knock it off 停止 =stop??
例：Come on guys, knock it off, we need to be serious and figure out a strategy for the game tonight.
???Can you please knock it off? I have lots of homework to do but you're distracting me.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
Smile  When you wake up  in the evening and the day is shot?? （ 浪费）
find yourself complaining about the things you ain't got never crossed just the
way that you want it to 
Action English  91
Movie dictionary 电影词典
shutter 快门   always on a film camera
American slang 美国俚语
drink -----drunk 喝醉的  ? n.酒鬼??
例：He was so drunk last night that he forgot where he lived.
???  ?After drinking 10 bottles of beer, she was very drunk.
???  Her dad is a drunk.
Classic film clips 经典对白?? 选自“洛城机密”
（1）They had a change of heart .（片中）
change of heart 改变态度，改变想法,改变主意
例：I was going to break up with my girlfriend but had a change of heart and decided not to.
（2）The chiefs give me the go ahead （片中） go ahead 得到许可
例：I just got the go ahead from my boss to take the weekend off.
???? I can't go golfing with you until I get the go ahead from my wife.
（3）Do you follow my drift （片中）
follow my drift??我说的你懂了吗？=do you understand what I mean?
例：I didn't pass my exams so I can't go to university, follow my drift?
????That movie was confusing. I couldn't follow the drift.
Movie Tunes 原声碟
The Gift 
It never did belong to me   I need to go outside  I need to leave the smoke
cause I can't go on living in the same sick joke  it seems our lives take
on a different kind of twish  the perfect gift 

Action English   92
Movie dictionary 电影词典
fade    渐变 ： 所拍画面渐渐由原色转变到隐白或隐黑
American slang 美国俚语
?原句：We got an I.D. on one of the victims.??
Slang： I.D.    身份；身份证   是identification的简写
e.g. I couldn’t get into the club last night because I forgot my I.D.. The bouncer thought I was underage. 
   You need to show your I.D. when you borrow a book from library.
Classic film clips 经典对白?? 选自“洛城机密”
1. pay for    因为某事而收到惩罚 ＝ be punished for something
e.g. If we get caught, someone’s going to have to pay for it. 
   Why should I pay for your mistakes?
2. out of hand = out of control    失控
e.g. The soccer match got out of hand when people started fighting.
   My dog gets out of hand when other dogs are around. Be careful. 
Movie Tunes 原声碟
from 《迷墙》??‘mother’?? 由60年代著名乐队 Pink Floyd 演绎
??Hush( 嘘……，表示让某人安静 ) now baby????别做声宝贝
??Moma don’t you cry?? 妈妈不会让你哭的
??Moma’s gonna check out all your girl friend for you?? 妈妈会检查你所有的女朋友
??Moma won’t let anyone dirty get through?? 妈妈不会让任何人欺负你的
??Moma’s gonna wait up until you get it in .??妈妈会一直守侯在你身边

Action English   93
Movie dictionary 
#??first take ??一场戏的第一个镜头??例如小德鲁巴里摩尔在《E.T》中哭的镜头
American slang 
#??from 《洛城机密》 ‘L.A.confidential’
#??dumb????slang for unintelligent?? 傻子，愚笨
Eg :??My brother is so dumb. He thinks New York is the capital of America . 
我弟弟蠢到家了，他一直认为纽约是美国的首都。
Eg :??I’m not dumb , I know that bike is only worth $20 . The front wheel is broken. 我可不傻，我知道那辆自行车才20美元，你看前轮都坏了。
Classic film clips 
#?? an angle????it means to get something by indirect ways .?? 手腕，方法（做名词用）
#?? working an angle 通过做某事，企图得到什么??（做动词用）
Eg :??By being nice to the boss , John was working an angle to get a promotion .?? 通过对老板溜须拍马，约翰想得到晋升。
Eg ;??I tried calling her every day , but that angle doesn’t seem to work . 
She still won’t go out with me .我每天都给她打电话，但那好像不太起作用。她还不肯和我出去。
#?? play somebody?? it means to manipulate someone for your own purpose??利用某人，玩弄某人,欺骗某人；与某人斗志斗勇的谈判
Eg :??My girlfriend is playing me . she doesn’t  love me , she just wants my money .我女友在玩弄我的感情，她根本不爱我，只是为了我的钱。
Eg :??We have to play this salesman just right . So we can get a good deal on the new car. 我们要好好磨磨这个推销员，以便能以很好的价位买下这部车。
#??a look alike（名词）????it means someone or something look exactly like someone or something else . 一模一样的人或物
Eg :??Saddam uses many look alikes to take his place and protect him from his enemies . 萨达姆雇佣好多替身，以便防止遭到敌人袭击。
Eg :??I have a pair of jeans that look exactly like yours . If I wore them . We’d be look alikes .我有一条和你一模一样的牛仔裤，如果我们穿上它，就像哥俩。
Movie tunes 
#??from 《迷墙》 ‘Nobody’s home’??无人在家????著名乐队Pink Floyd 演唱
??I’ve got wild starting eyes and I’ve got a strong urge to fly??我要睁开双眼，我急切的想飞翔 
??But I’ve got nowhere to fly to?? 但我不知道将要去哪里 
??Ooooh??babe?? 哦，宝贝 
??When I picked up the phone?? 当我拿起电话时 
There’s still nobody home?? 仍然毫无声响 

ACTION ENGLISH  94
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
#??parallelism?? 平行主义??指两种不同事物在同一时间同时发生。
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
#??from < L.A.confidential >
#??go way back?? it means they’ve known each other a long time .?? 两人很有交情, 旧交了
Eg :??My friend Amy and I go way back . We’ve been friends since elementary school . 我和艾米是旧交了，我们从小学就是朋友了。
Eg :??My grandfather and his friends go way back . 
They’ve in the Army together during WW11. 
我爷爷和他的朋友是老交情了，他们二战时在陆军服役就在一起了。??
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
#??I know you think you’re A-number-one hot shot??
#??A-number-one hot shot? it means they’re more powerful or important person .??老大
Eg :??After Coby dunked 3 basketballs in a row . 
Everyone thought he was the team’s A#1 hot shot .
在科比连扣三球后，球迷们都推崇他是球队的功臣。
Eg :??She thinks she’s the A#1 hot shot just because she’s on television . 
她自以为自己是老大仅仅是因为她上过电视。
#??If I take you out .
#??take somebody out ?? it means get someone kill them .??干掉某人
Eg :??The assassin was sent to take out the President .刺客被派去暗杀总统。
Eg :??If that guy doesn’t keep his mouth off, we’ll take him out . 那家伙还不闭嘴的话，就干掉他！
#??I wouldn’t play ball so they set me up . 
# play ball?? it means to cooperate .?? 合作
Eg :??If you play ball during the meeting , I’ll help you out with anything you want .你若肯跟我们合作的话，什么事情我们都答应帮你办。
Eg :??Are you going to play ball or do I have to ask someone else for help ?
你还跟我们合作吗，要不我们就找别人帮忙了。??
Movie tunes 
#??from < the wall> 迷墙 插曲 《vera》 维拉?? 著名乐队Pink Floyd 演唱
#??bring the boys back home 特指参军打仗的士兵们赶快回来与家人团聚
#??此曲表现精神忧郁的Pink终日面对电视，电视中反映二战时期的电影又唤起了他童年时悲伤的回忆，他不由得发出痛苦的哀鸣《Vera》。 
Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn???还有人记得维拉丽莲吗？
Remember how she said that we would meet again some sunny day??????还记得她曾说过我们还会在春光和煦的日子再见面吗？
Vera! Vera!?? 维拉啊！维拉！ What has become of you??? 你在哪呢
Does anybody else in here feel the way I do???还有人能像我一样的去理解你吗？ 
Bring the boys back home??让战士们安全回归家里吧！

ACTION ENGLISH   95
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Tempo??节奏，表示一部电影的快慢。
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语
E.T.A   estimated time of arrival  预计到达时间
e.g. The plane’s E.T.A. is 8:45 this evening. 这班飞机的预计到达时间为晚上8点45分。
Just got a call from the office, I told them our E.T.A. was 12 noon. 刚刚接到总部的电话，我告诉他们我们的预计到达时间是中午12点。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. on leave获得许可休假  （在这里leave是个名词，很常用）
e.g. I was going to go to Hawaii next week, but I couldn’t get my leave. 我原打算下周到夏威夷去度假的，但是我没有得到我的假期。
2. Get all rowdy. 局面都失去控制了。
在这里 rowdy 有两个意思，这两个意思通常都是交缠在一起的，一个是noisy（很糟杂，很吵闹）的意思，一个是out of hand（很失控，很失态）的意思。
e.g. The football match was incredibly rowdy. 这场足球比赛失控了。（也可能是这个足球比赛很混乱，场面很混乱）
After a few beers, he always becomes very rowdy. 几杯啤酒过后，他经常会变得容易失去控制（经常变的很失常，很失态）。
3．Thinking you are all that. 
all that指物品时表示非常特别；指人时，如果是说自己，说明对自己评价过高，如果是说别人，可能是夸奖，也可能含有贬抑，要根据语境来考虑。
e.g. He kept on talking about his new car, but actually it isn’t all that. 他经常提起他的新车，实际上它并没有他说的那么好。
After winning that game, he definitely thought he was all that. 赢了那场比赛之后 ，他就觉得自己很了不起了。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
《X档案》 Walking After you.
The keys:  Tangled?? 纠缠的；?? 紊乱的,混乱的,杂乱的
Blanket of clouds?? 云彩做的毯子    Dreaming aloud?? 大声地做梦
Things just won’t do without you.?? 事情没你不行
Matter of fact = in fact?? 事实上

ACTION ENGLISH   96
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
Underwater filming    水下摄影
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
the fat lady sings    这些事情干完了 等于waiting until something’s over
文化背景: 在国外,歌剧结束前,总会有个胖女人出来唱女高音,这是歌剧收场的一个标志, 在这里表示事情干完了
e.g. We shouldn’t really make any plans until the fat lady sings. 
    My boss said, you’ve not finished with today’s work until the fat lady sings. Then you can go home. 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. ship all banged up ( 电影中的原句 )
banged up 意思是毁了,相当与 damage. 但是有两个含义,可能是这个东西毁了,但是还能用,也可能是不能再用了
e.g. My bike’s pretty banged up. It’s very old.
2. Who is the man? ( 电影中的原句 )
意思是: 让我们看看谁这么棒! ( 夸奖人的句子, 但是只用于男性)
e.g. I really like Michael Jordan. He is the man. 
   He scored three goals ---- he is the man. 
3. Where you at? ( 电影中的原句 ) 等于 where are you?
注: 电影中有些口语化的说法不合乎语法逻辑, 我们可以给他们变成合乎语法逻辑的,都可以,都是对的.
e.g. She gave me directions but I just couldn’t find where she was at. 
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
From <  Ice  Age  >

ACTION ENGLISH   97
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典 
freeze frame?? 定格??
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
?Can you give me a hand? 
?give somebody a hand ??it means do somebody a favor .??帮助某人
e.g. I was lucky. My brother give me a hand with my home work last night . 我真是走运啊！昨晚我弟弟帮我完成了家庭作业。
My friend’s boat was broken . So I stopped to give him a hand. 我朋友的汽艇坏了，因此我要去帮助他。
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1.Let’s pick it up !
to pick something up it means to improve or to do something faster .?
pick something up 有好多解释，如：拣东西，买物品，加速。在这里当提高讲。
e.g. If you want to get into Harvard . You’re gonna need to pick up your work ! 如果你想进哈佛，你就得努力提高你的功课。
Since he’s been training every day . His football skills have been picked up . 自从他每天坚持训练后，他的球技突飞猛进啊！
2. We’re on a tight schedule
be on a tight schedule ?? it means they’ve not much time to waste .??时间紧迫，迫在眉睫。
e.g. I was going to go sightseeing when I passed through Chicago .
But my schedule was too tight. 我路径芝加哥时想观光游览一下，但我的日程安排的很满。
3.I’ve got something I got to handle . 
handle?? to handle something it means to take care of all responsibility on the situation or a task.????处理某事
e.g. I don’t think I could handle having more than two children . 孩子一多，我就不知所措了！
He had to leave the party early to handle some problem at work . 他得提早离席，因为单位里有事情要办。
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
from <骇客帝国>??‘wake up’ 醒来
discredit it means to make someone look bad .??使某人难堪
edit ??it means revising . eg : edit a paper .??修改，润色
thread ?? it means used in sewing??eg : thread a needle .??穿针引线
padically??it means unique ,unusual .??与众不同的    fury?? 狂怒的，激烈的
that they had in 1966 ~~~~ 在这里特指像1966年那个多事之秋，当时的政坛动荡不稳。这首歌号召大家一起奋斗，去挑战像那个年代一样的局势，希望大家不要懒惰，携起手来去改变这个世界！！ 
Come on!????一起来吧！ 
??Although you try to discredit ,?? 纵然你绞尽脑汁想诋毁他的名誉 
??You still never edit ,?????????? 但你还是不能成功 
The needle , I’ll thread it .??????我能做到穿针引线?? 
Padically poetic .???????????? 那是多么的激情澎湃，充满诗意啊！ 
Standing with the fury.????起来！用充满愤慨的目光挑战那个多事之秋的1966年?? 
That they had in 66’     此歌呼声： Stand up ! Don’t be lazy ! change the world together ! 

ACTION ENGLISH  98
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
Youth film    青春影片, 讲年轻人的事情
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
I have no idea.   等于 I don’t know about it. 
e.g. I had no idea it was your birthday yesterday.
    I wish I’d studied more mathematics because I’ve got no idea how to do my taxes. 
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1.A crash course    速成班
e.g. Before taking up her joy in Paris, she took a one-month crash course in French. 
He only took a crash course in sailing so I don’t think he likes to sail too far from the shore. 
2.payback    报复
e.g. Since his enemies got him put in jail he’s been looking for payback.
He attacked me, now I want payback.
3.let somebody down    让某人失望  disappoint someone
e.g. I specifically asked you to get there by 12:30pm, now you’re an hour late. You really let me down.
He’s going to bring me back a present from Mexico, I’m sure he won’t let me down.
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
from〈蚁哥正传〉 ‘high hopes’??远大理想
rubber-tree plant?? 橡胶树
apple pie in the sky??在此引申为天上掉馅饼
Just what makes that little old ant think he’ll move that rubber-tree plant?   究竟什么力量能使体弱多病的小蚂蚁搬动那颗大橡胶树呢？ 
Anyone knows an ant can’t move a rubber-tree plant . 人人都知道一个小小的蚂蚁是不能挪动橡胶树的。
But he’s got high hopes ! he’s got high hopes ! ??但是它有远大的理想！！ 
He’s got high apple pie in the sky hopes! 它会努力去实现这个不怎么现实的理想！ 

ACTION ENGLISH  99
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
?35 mm film?? 35毫米电影胶片
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
?bully me ! 欺负谁     bully同时也是个名词.意思是爱欺负人的人
e.g. He is such a bully ! He pushes the other kids around at school .  他太欺负人了！他总是在学校里肆意摆布低年级学生。    Push around 摆布
I’m not gonna tell you my secret .??So stop bullying me !  别逼我！我是不会对你讲我的个人隐私的！?
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. The thorn in both our sides.    a thorn in one’s side  一个人或者事情总让你心痛,让你不舒服
e.g. The dog next door is a thorn in my side. It never stops barking. 隔壁的狗真的很让我反感,它总是不停的叫.
I wish I could stop thinking about my ex-girlfriend. She is nothing but a thorn in my side. 我希望我能尽快忘记我以前的女朋友.她是我心中永远的痛.
2. I have but one pet cause today.      pet cause  爱好
e.g. I am trying to fix this old motorcycle. It’s my new pet cause.  我一直在修理我的旧摩托车.这已经变成我新的爱好了.
Stop telling me how to live my life! I’m not your pet cause. 不要告诉我怎么生活.我可不是你的爱好.
3. He’s already history. history意思是过去了,死了 等于it’s gone. It’s dead.
e.g. That girl is history. I broke up with her 2 months ago. This is my new girlfriend , she’s Angela.我和前女友分手俩月了，她已经成为回忆了。这是我的新任女友，她叫安吉拉。
Duran, if you don’t start working harder, you’ll be history. 嘿，Duran！你知道吗？你要是工作不努力了，就得被别人顶了！
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
<When you believe>  From <the prince of Egypt>

ACTION ENGLISH  100
MOVIE DICTIONARY 电影词典
8mm & 16mm  16mm的胶片是带音轨的,8mm的不带1
AMERICAN SLANG 美国俚语 
schmoe    笨蛋,蠢货,美国口语中常用. 等于 a stupid person.   
e.g. I wouldn’t let just any schmoe work for me. He’d have to be well qualified.我可不要蠢货来给我工作.他必须是很有资格的.
Don’t listen to that schmoe, he doesn’t know what he’s talking about. 别听那个蠢货的,他自己都不知道自己说什么.
CLASSIC FILM CLIPS 经典对白 
1. I feel that’s a bum rap. 
bum rap  意思是 受冤枉 等于 getting unfair blame
e.g. Just because you gained 10 kilos doesn’t mean it’s my fault. What a bum rap to blame me!    你长了10公斤不是我的错啊,你真是冤枉我了!
It was a bum rap. Eddie didn’t steal those paintings.真是冤枉Eddie了,他可没偷这些画.
2. get the picture?  等于 do you understand? 你明白了么?
e.g. If you ask your mother for $5 and I ask mine, we’ll have $10, get the picture? 果你向你妈妈要5美元,我也要我的,那么我们就有10美元了,懂了么?
I can’t come out because I have to study. I need to pass the test. Get the picture?  我不能出去玩了,我得学习. 我需要通过考试.明白么?
3. take for granted 意思是 把什么东西当作是理所当然
e.g. His support cannot be taken for granted. We must ask him first. 他可不是理所当然支持我们.我们必须先问问他.
I never thank my mum. I take her love for granted. 我从来没有谢过我的妈妈.我觉得她对我的爱是理所当然的.
MOVIE TUNES 原声碟 
From <prince of Egypt>
All I ever wanted

动感英语笔记Action English 50-100




- 1 -


