TIME单挑1000
CHAPTER1 简易词 形容词、副词	1
CHAPTER2 简易词 动词	11
CHAPTER3 简易词 名词	25
CHAPTER4 普通词 形容词、副词	34
CHAPTER5 普通词 动词	43
CHAPTER6 普通词 名词	58
CHAPTER7 进阶词 形容词、副词	72
CHAPTER8 进阶词 动词	78
CHAPTER9 进阶词 名词	86

















作者：
billysuc、fyxzlh、shentianjun

来源：
http://www.shnosbbs.com/blog.php?tid=53987


Chapter1 简易词 形容词、副词
accustomed [?'k?st?md] adj. 习惯于 【同】used【反】unaccustomed
Even if they are willing to make the sacrifice in dollars, whether Americans will give up long accustomed personal liberties is another question.(TIME, May 1,1995,p.68)
即使美国人愿意在金钱上牺牲，但是否愿意抛弃久已习以为常的个人自由，还是未定之数。
affluent ['?flu?nt] adj. 富裕的 【同】prosperous, wealthy【反】poor
Leeson and his wife Lisa never really seemed to fit into the affluent, neo-colonial life-style of Singapore or into the city’s multiethnic society.( TIME, Mar.13,1995,p.40)
里森及其妻子丽莎似乎与新加坡富裕的新殖民生活方式一直格格不入，也似乎一直未能融入新加坡的多种族社会。
ambiguous [?mAb?gju?s]adj. 模棱两可的，暧昧的 【同】vague【反】obvious, clear
Truman got the Korean War because he was ambiguous, and Saddam took Kuwait because Bush didn’t say “No” straight out. (TIME, Feb.19,1996, p.36)
杜鲁门惹了个朝鲜战争，因为他的立场不明确，而萨达姆占领科威特，是因为布什没能直截了当地说“不”。
 straight out 率直地
anonymous [?Ann?m?s] adj. 匿名的，不知名的 【反】known, named
So he went on his own fact-finding mission, leaning heavily on a 49-page white paper submitted last month by three anonymous high-tech firms. (TIME, Feb.27, 1995, p.31)
所以他继续其真相调查工作，埋头审阅一份厚达49页的白皮书，这份白皮书是上个月由3家匿名的高科技公司提出的。
appropriate [?Apropr??et] adj. 适宜的 【反】inappropriate
So any protein that dissolves new blood vessels may not be appropriate for younger women who have not yet entered menopause. (TIME, Jan.9, 1996, p.60)
因此，对于还未停经的妇女而言，任何足以溶解于新生血管的蛋白质或许都是不适宜的。
at stake [?t stek] 危急存亡关头的，有可能丧失或受损的 【同】at risk
At a news conference,(U.S. Undersecretary of Defense) Perry declared that the credibility of the international community (NATO) was at stake. (TIME, June 5,1995, p.38)
在记者招待会上，（美国国防部长）佩里宣称，北约这个国际组织正面临信任危机。
available [?Avel?bl] adj. （物）可取得的，可买到的；（人有空）可见面的，可参加的
Most of the (smart) cards available in Atlanta will be worth between $10 and $50 and will be usable instead of cash at as many as 5000 “points of purchase” throughout the city.
(TIME, Jan.8, 1996, p.13)
于亚特兰大出售的IC卡大部分值10-15美元，可以在全市多达5000个“商业网点”充当货币使用。
bear [b?r] adj. (股市)看跌的，熊市的
Meanwhile, pundits who do make a bear stand don’t last. (TIME, Mar.3, 1997, p.53)
同时，那些对股市看跌的专家，也不再坚持自己的看法。
bilateral [bai'l?t?r?l] adj. 双边的
He would halt bilateral contact with North Korea until Pyongyang resumed negotiations with South Korea. (TIME, July 8, 1996, p.29)
在平壤恢复与韩国谈判之前，他不会与朝鲜进行双边接触。
bland [bl?nd] adj. 平淡无奇的
As a result news coverage tends to be bland. (TIME, Feb.10, 1997, p.56)
结果新闻报道往往平淡无味。
blunt [bl?nt] adj. 直言不讳的
Clinton’s summation was startlingly blunt: “It is better to have reached no agreement (on Japan’s opening it domestic market) than to have reached an empty agreement.”
(TIME, Feb.21, 1994, p.41)
最后克林顿语惊四座，直言不讳地总结说：“（在日本开放其国内市场这个议题上）与其获得形同一纸空文的协议，不如不要协议。”
bull [bul] adj. （股市）看涨的，多头的，牛市的
The bull market will end-----but when is the question. (TIME, Mar.3, 1997, p.53)
牛市将会结束，问题是何时结束。
burgeoning ['b?d??ni?] adj. 正快速发展的
Genetic information is the raw material of the burgeoning biotechnology industry, which uses human DNA to build specialized proteins that may have some value as disease-fighting drugs.
(TIME, Jan.16, 1995, p.54)
基因信息是目前正蓬勃发展的生物科技工业的原料；此工业利用人类DNA制造特化蛋白质，而这些蛋白质或许可作为治病药物之用。
coherent [koAh?r?nt] adj.  前后连贯的，有条理的 【反】muddled, incoherent
Curry… impressed Clinton with his ability to fashion a coherent policy message that synthesized the often conflicting interests of the party’s traditional and moderate wings.
(TIME, June 5, 1995, p.22)
科里就是有这个本事，能够把党内保守派、温和派往往都各不相让的利益结合在一起，做出一份有条有理的政策报告，令克林顿大为赞赏。
 fashion v. 制作 synthesize v. 综合，合成
comprehensive [kmpr?Ah?ns?v] adj. 包罗广泛的，全面的 【同】complete 【反】partial
Grove delivered a sharp, comprehensive report. His bosses were impressed.
(TIME, Dec.29, 1997- Jan.5, 1998, p.33)
葛罗夫呈递一份深入、周详的报告，令老板们印象深刻。
compulsory [k?m'p?ls?r?] adj. 义务的，强制的 【同】mandatory
In 1919 while serving a compulsory stint in the military, Nurmi entered a 20-k march carrying a rifle, a cartridge belt and a knapsack filled with 5 kg of sand. (TIME, June 24, 1996, p.66)
1919年，当他在军中服义务役的时候，努尔米带着一支步枪，腰上系着弹带，背上背着装有5公斤沙子的背包参加20公里行军。
 stint n. （在某处从事某事的）那段时间
conciliatory [k?nAs?l???t?r?] adj. 有和解之意的
The executive director of the Christian Coalition told a prominent Jewish audience, in a conciliatory speech, that calling the U.S. a “Christian nation” is wrong…
(TIME, Apr.17, 1995, p.13)
在一场有意化解对立的演讲中，基督教联盟的执行主席告诉台下那群犹太名流说，将美国叫做“基督教国家”是不对的。
conscious [Akn??s] adj. 意识到……的 【同】aware
Times Books recently announced that it will publish a book of socially-conscious poetry by former President Jimmy Carter. (TIME, July 18, 1994, p.9)
时代图书公司最近宣布，将出版一本由前总统卡特所写的社会关怀的诗集。
conventional [k?nAv?n??nl] adj. 传统的，一般的，普通的 【同】traditional 【反】unconventional
The voice-recognition technology will not be on conventional desktop computers only; it will be available in any sort of electronic information processing device. (TIME, July 17, 1995, p.44)
语音识别技术不仅将运用于一般的台式电脑，任何电子信息处理装置都用得上。
critical [Akr?t?kl] adj. 重大的，据关键地位的 【同】crucial
“We have only the foggiest idea,” the independent daily Segodnya complained last week, “who is actually at the helm in this country, who is making the critical decisions.”
(TIME, Jan.9, 1995, p.50)
立场独立的《塞戈尼亚日报》上周抱怨说：“谁是真正的国家领导者？谁做出重大决策？我们所知甚少。”
 foggy adj. 模糊的，朦胧的
crucial [Akru??l] adj. 关键的，重大的 【同】critical
Understanding social cues, creating works of art and spawning inventions are all crucial mental tasks that bear little relationship to how well a person can fill in a printed test form.
(TIME, Sept. 11, 1995, p.60)
许多重要的心智活动，像理解一些社交上的暗示，创造艺术品，孕育新发明，其实都和填写考卷的能力没什么关系。
cunning [Ak?n??] adj. 狡猾的，精明的 【同】crafty
Perhaps the most cunning Disney trick is to take fairy tales in the public domain and reinvent them as corporate property. A billion-dollar example is Beauty and the Beast…
(TIME, May 2, 1994, p.72)
迪斯尼公司最精明的盘算，或许就是将童话故事搬上大众舞台，且将其改头换面，成为公司资产。耗资10亿美元排成的《美女与野兽》就是个例子。
dazzling [d?z?l??] adj. 令人目眩神移的【同】stunning
With computers doubling in speed and power every couple of years and with genetic engineering’s dazzling feats growing more and more routine, the battered American faith in technologic progress has been growing stronger and giddier of late. (TIME, May 27, 1996, p.67)
随着电脑的速度与功能每两年就增加一倍，基因工程领域中惊人的成就变得司空见惯，美国人在科技发展方面备受打击的信心，近年来已逐渐增强，并有异常乐观的趋势。
 batter v. 连番猛击，毒打
dedicated [?ded?ke?t?d] adj. 专注的
In Singapore, dedicated Net users are planning to maintain unfettered access by junping borders and dialing services in neighboring Malaysia. (TIME, Sept.23, 1996, p.27)
新加坡的网络迷正计划跨越国界，使用领国马来西亚的拨号服务，以确保网络上的自由使用权。
desperate [Ad?sp?r?t] adj. 迫切的
Bereft of patrons, desperate to rescue his economy, Fidel Castro turns to an unusual solution:…
(TIME, Feb.20, 1995, p.50)
由于资助断绝，而又急于挽救该国经济，卡斯特罗转而求助于一项罕见的解救之道：……
 to be bereft of 丧失（希望、喜悦等）
determined [d??t??m?nd] adj. 坚定的
Author Joe Kane came across a determined priest, a Spaniard who had spent years teaching a tribe of hunter gatherers, the Huaorani, how to survive outside their rainforest habitat.
(TIME, Mar.25, 1996, p.70)
作家乔?卡内遇到一名性格坚毅的西班牙籍教士，这名教士花了好几年时间教给华欧拉尼族人离开世居的雨林区之后的生存之道。华欧拉尼族以狩猎，采集为生。
disabled [d?s?e?b?ld] adj. 残障的 【同】handicapped
Seven years ago, Dole spoke about the need to “provide care and assistance for the hungry and the homeless and the disabled.” Nothing resembling that was heard last week.
(TIME, Apr.24, 1995, p.52)
7年前，多尔谈到有必要“为饥民、游民、残疾人提供照顾与援助”，这样的话上个星期不再听到。
disastrous [d?zA?str?s] adj. 灾情惨重的 【同】terrible
The Kobe quake was only slightly bigger than the Northridge tremor but more disastrous.
(TIME, Jan.30, 1995, p.34)
神户地震的规模仅稍大于诺斯里奇地震，造成的灾情却严重得多。
distinct [d?Ast??kt] adj. 不易混淆的，独特的
Many scientists consider the Khoisan a distinct race of very ancient organ.
(TIME, Jan.16, 1995, p.54)
许多科学家认为（南非）克瓦桑族是一支独特的民族，渊源非常久远。
dominant [Adm?n?nt] adj. 主宰的，强势的 【同】pre-eminent
Now as then, the splintering of a Saddam-less Iraq would leave Iran the dominant gulf power, an unpalatable solution. (TIME, Sept.23, 1996, p.35)
现在的情况和当时相同，没有萨达姆?侯赛因的伊拉克会四分五裂，波斯湾就只剩伊朗称霸，这种解决方案令人无法接受。
 splinter v. 使分裂； unpalatable adj. 不好吃的，令人不快的
doomed [dumd] adj. ① 注定的，命定的
He started at the top, of course, but the fact that he is staying there has frustrated the popular wisdom that an early front runner is doomed to fall. (TIME, June 5, 195, p.29)
他一开始就领先，这时理所当然的事，但让一般人不解的是，他此后一直保持领先，因为一般人都认为刚开始当选希望最大的人最后必定会败下阵来。
 wisdom n. 看法； front runner 比赛中最有可能夺标的人
adj. ② 注定要失败或毁灭的，劫数难逃的
At the beginning of May 1945 it was clear to even the most zealous of Hitler’s followers that his “Thousand Year Reich” was doomed. (TIME, May 15, 1995, p.52)
1945年5月初，即使是希特勒最狂热的支持者，也都明白“千年帝国”已是劫数难逃。
drastic [Adr?st?k] adj. 剧烈的 【同】radical
The New Deal welfare safety net installed in the 1930s and augmented in the Great Society programs of the 1960s has been hauled off for the kind of drastic restitching that France, Germany, Italy and Sweden have been laboring over for the past year or more. (TIME, Aug.12, 1996, p.25)
“新政”在1930年代大张社会福利安全网，到了1060年代又因“伟大社会”的各项计划而更为扩大，如今这张安全网已经取下，准备大肆缝补，就像一年多来法国、德国、意大利与瑞典这些国家大费周章所做的修补一样。
 augment v. 扩大，加强； to haul off 撤下； restitching n. 重新缝补
eccentric [?kAs?ntr?k] adj. 特立独行的，行为怪异的 【同】odd
The eccentric, fact-based best seller Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil sparks a rush to see where it all took place. (TIME, Apr.3, 1995, p.79)
这本风格特异、根据真人实事改编的畅销书《午夜的善恶花园》，激起一股人潮，涌向故事的发生地一探究竟。
elevated [A?l??vet?d] adj. 崇高的
It turns out, however, that not every man who reached the pinnacle of American leadership was a gleaming example of self-awareness, empathy, impulse control and other qualities that mark an elevated EQ. (TIME, Oct.9, 1995, p.30)
然而，结果是，并非每个攀登到美国最高领导层的人都是具有自觉、有同理心，能克制冲动及其他高情商特指的闪光典范。
elite [?Alit] adj. 精英的，最优秀的 n. 精英
Ideally, the U.N. should have a small, elite, standing rapid-development force … trained and ready to go at once to a trouble spot that the Security Council has decided to become involved in.
(TIME, Oct.23, 1995, p.30)
理想的做法是联合国建立一支短小精悍、训练有素、常备不懈的快速反应部队，一旦某地发生动乱，而安理会决定干预，即可派上用场。
enduring [?n?dur??] adj. 持久的
The plain, undecorated object, representing the enduring role art has played throughout China’s history, takes pride of place in the sumptuous Splendors of Imperial China, which opened last week at New York City Metropolitan Museum of Art. (TIME, Apr.1, 1996, p.47)
这件朴实、毫无雕琢的物品代表着艺术在中国历史上扮演的历久不衰的角色。上周在纽约大都会艺术博物馆开幕的“中国帝王瑰宝展”盛展中，这件物品展示在最主要的位置。
 to take pride of place （在一组事物中）被视为最重要的；
sumptuous adj. 豪华的，昂贵的
explicit [?kAspl?s?t] adj. 明白表示的，直言的
But they won’t be able to filter the Internet. They’re explicit about that.
(TIME, Feb.17, 1997, p.46)
但是他们无法滤到国际互联网，这点他们已明白表示。
exquisite [?kskw?z?t] adj. 精巧的
The show also includes an exquisite Seurat seascape, some notable Cézannes and considerable painting by Courbet, Gauguin, Van Gogh and others. (TIME, Apr.3, 1995, p.54)
这次展出的作品，包括一幅修拉的出色海景画，数幅塞尚名画，及库尔贝、高更、梵高等人的不少画作。
extravagant [?kAstr?v??nt] adj. 奢侈的，挥霍的
Could this fate befall James Cameron, Hollywood’s most daring and extravagant auteur?
(TIME, July 18, 1994, p.55)
这个厄运有可能降临詹姆斯?卡梅伦这位好莱坞最大胆、最敢花钱的大导演身上吗？
 befall v. （恶事）降临； auteur n. 法文，指具有强烈个人风格的大导演
fantastic [f?nAt?st?k] adj. 极大的，难以置信的；（口语）极好的，了不起的
Because of its fantastic capacity to see all possible combinations some distance into the future, the machine (Deep Blue), once it determines that its own position is safe, can take the kind of attacking chances no human would. (TIME, Feb.26, 1996, p.42)
“深蓝”电脑因为具有预见未来所有可能组合的惊人能力，一旦认定自己的位置安全，便敢冒着人类不敢冒的风险而进攻。
ferocious [f?Aro??s] adj. 凶猛的
This puts Clinton in something of a no-win situation: he is unlikely to gain much credit if the bailout succeeds, but will catch ferocious flak if it fails. (TIME, Mar.6, 1995, p.34)
紧急贷款如果成功，克林顿不会因此博得美名；如果失败，则会遭到猛烈的抨击；由此看来，克林顿有些像是两头不讨好。
 flak n. 高射炮火；抨击，指责
flamboyant [fl?mAb???nt] adj. 显眼的，引人注目的；奢华的
 He is probably the least flamboyant of the Republican contenders. (TIME, Mar.13, 1995, p.86)
共和党各角逐者中，他大概是最不受瞩目的。
fledgling [?fl?d?l??] adj. 初出茅庐的，羽毛刚羽的
Early in this century, a fledgling effort at behavioral genetics divided people into such classes as mesomorphs ― physically robust, psychologically assertive ― and ectomorphs―skinny, nervous, sky. (TIME, Mar.10, 1997, p.41)
本世纪初，在行为遗传学方面的一项初步研究将人分为运动型体格（圣体壮硕，好坚持己见）以及清瘦型体格（身体瘦削，神经紧张，好害羞）。
 assertive adj. 武断的，过分自信的
fluid [Aflu?d] adj. 流动的，变化不定的 【同】changeable
Information … is now too fluid to control. It flows in over airways, via satellites, through microwave relays to cellular phones, faxes, televisions, radios, beepers, modems.
(TIME, Aug.19, 1996, p.52)
今日的咨询流动性太大，已经不可能管制。资讯传送方式很多，可以经由空中、卫星、微波转接，也可以通过移动电话、传真机、电视、收音机、传呼机与调制解调器。
formidable [Af?rm?d?bl] adj. （敌人）但对付的。（工作）艰难的
“Perot as kingmaker, ” he says tactfully, “is a more formidable proposition than Perot as candate.”
(TIME, Mar.13, 1995, p.91)
他委婉地说道：“佩罗替人抬轿助选，要比他自己出来参选更难缠。”
 kingmaker n. 有权使人当选者
   proposition n. （口语）要对付或注意的事物
fragile [Afr?d??l] adj. （情势）脆弱的，禁不起外力冲击的 【同】unstable
A revenue-generating franchise is the most fragile thing in the world … No matter how good your product, you are only 18 months away from failure. (TIME, June 5, 1995, p.32)
世界上最不可靠的，莫过于来自特许经销权的收入。产品再好，也只有18个月免于淘汰的安全期。
futile [Afjutl] adj. 徒劳无功的，白费力气的 【同】pointless
Indeed, for all the world’s governments, … attempts to control the global flow of electro-information are not only futile but counter productive as well.
(TIME, Spring 1995 Special Issue: Welcome to Cyberspace, p.80)
试图控制电子资讯的全球流动，不仅枉然而且会带来副作用，对世界各国政府而言，这是毋庸置疑的事。
genuine [Ad??nj??n] adj. 1.真的，非伪造的；2.真诚的，非伪装的
【同】1.real 2.sincere 【反】fake
It is a challenge to portray a forsaken woman in a way that evokes genuine sympathy; but Stevens manages. (TIME, Feb.6, 1995, p.75)
把弃妇描写得令人由衷生起恻隐之心，不是件易事，但史蒂文斯做到了。
hefty [Ah?ft?] adj. 重大的，猛烈的
Chow Yun Fat is angling for Hollywood stardom; this time next year he could be in any of three hefty action films. (TIME, June 29, 1996, p40)
周润发正设法到好莱坞摘星，明年此时，他可能已在拍3部火爆动作片中的一部。
 angle v. 钓鱼；
   to angle for…指（用暗示、手段、诡计等）谋取，博取；
   stardom n. 明星的地位或身份
hostile [Ahstl] adj. 带敌意的 【同】antagonistic 【反】receptive
Unlike most baseball-playing countries, Cuba has no professional league to cream off its top talent, and hostile relations with Washington keep its elite from migrating to the U.S. major league.
(TIME, Feb.5, 1996, p.13)
古巴与大部分棒球国家不同，它没有职业棒球联盟，所以不愁顶尖高手被挖角。它与华盛顿交恶，所以棒球精英也不会移民去打美国甲级联盟。
 to cream off…挑出（最好的部分），提取（精华）
immense [?Am?ns] adj. 巨大的 【同】enormous
His influence in the 1980s was so immense that Taiwanese distributors once asked a Hong Kong director if there was a role in a film for Chow Yun-fat, and if there wasn’t, they’d commit to a deal. (TIME, May 6, 1996, p.62)
周润发在80年代的影响力非常大，过去台湾的片商曾问某香港导演，某部电影中有没有周润发的角色，如果没有，他们要求替他写一个角色进去，否则生意免谈。
 to commit (oneself) to…答应，保证
imminent [A?m?n?nt] adj. 迫近的，即将发生的
The time will come when the U.S. will subside to become but one of many Great Powers. It is inevitable, but it is not imminent. (TIME, Aug.4, 1997, p.21)
美国终有一日会衰退成众多强权中的一员。那是必然的，可是却不会很快来临。
 subside v. 消退
inaugural [?nA?j?r?l] adj. 就职的
After the oath, he gave an inaugural address designed to reach out to all Americans, to rally the nation to work together for a great common future. (TIME, Jan.16, 1995, p.24)
宣誓后，他发表了以全体美国人为对象的就职演说，呼吁全体国人团结起来，为大家伟大的未来一起努力。
indifferent [?nAd?fr?nt] adj. 漠不关心的 【反】concerned
Chechen militiamen hiding around the corner are indifferent to the Russian’s fate.
(TIME, Jan.16, 1995, p.46)
潜伏在附近的车臣民兵对俄罗斯人的命运一点也不关心。
 around the corner 在近处的，即将发生的
intact [] adj. 完好如初的 【同】in one piece
But psychologists, psychiatrists and other scientists are bitterly divided over the idea that the memory of repeated abuse can be completely wiped out and then recovered, virtually intact.
(TIME, Apr.17, 1995, p.54)
但一再受虐的遭遇是否可自记忆中完全排除，进而完全康复，与受害前几乎没有两样，对这一点在心理学家、精神学家和其他科学家中存在着巨大的分歧。
lingering [l??g?r??] adj. 流连不去的
What remains largely unspoken is the lingering hope that such a mission might experience, somewhere beneath the desolate Martian surface, a close encounter with organisms that are alive today. (TIME, Aug.19, 1996, p.44)
而尚未说出口的宿愿，就是希望这一项任务可以在火星荒芜的地表下，与现在还活着的生物进行近距离接触。
mean [min] adj. 卑劣的
This bill is mean. It is downright low-down. What does it profit a great nation to conquer the world, only to lose its soul? (TIME, Aug.12, 1996, p.25)
这个提案太卑鄙了，简直是无耻透顶。这么打大的国家如果失去了灵魂，就算征服了全世界又有什么用？
 downright adv. 十足地，彻头彻尾的；
   low-down adj. （口语）低贱的，卑鄙的
mutual [mjut???l] adj. 相互的，共有的
“That audience was amazing,” he says. “They were so sweet. They were bathing us in affection.” To prove the feeling is mutual, he heads back out into the spotlight. (TIME, Nov.11, 1996, p.16)
“那些观众真是令人惊讶。”他说道，“他们太可爱了，让我们沐浴在热情中。”为了表示这种热情是相互的，他转身走回聚光灯下。
namely [Aneml?] adv. 即，就是 【同】that is
Namely, he fails to take into account Quittner’s Law, which says: It is impossible to pay less than $3000 for this year’s computer. (TIME, Nov.11, 1996, p.26)
这个错误就是，他没有把奎特纳定律考虑进去，这条定律就是：少于3000美元买不到今年生产的电脑。
obscure [?bAskj?r] adj. 默默无闻的 【同】unknown
He’d met Marc Andreessen, who as an undergraduate programmer had helped create the then obscure browsing software Mosaic, which made it easy to navigate the World Wide Web.
(TIME, June 17, 1996, p.16)
他和马克?安德里森见了面，安德里森在大学读电脑时，帮忙设计了当时尚默默无闻的“马赛克”浏览软件，可在万维网中轻松寻找资讯。
obsolete [Abs??lit] adj. 落伍的，过时的 【同】outdated
Indeed, your average computer is virtually obsolete by the time it is skipped from the factory to the retail store. (TIME, Nov.11, 1996, p.16)
实际上，一般的电脑从工厂送到零售店的时候，可以说已经过时了。
ominous [Am?n?s] adj. 不吉祥的，不详的 【同】meanacing
Observers are not surprised that business is flourishing despite the ominous political situation.
(TIME, Feb.12, 1996, p.18)
尽管政治形势恶劣，观察家对经贸如此蓬勃发展并不意外。
ostensibly [sAt?ns?bl?] adv. 表面上
At 3:33 a.m., it touched down at Marseilles, ostensibly for a refueling stop.
(TIME, Jan.9, 1955, p.54)
凌晨3点33分，这艘船停靠马赛港，表面上是为了添加燃料。
outspoken [a?tAspok?n] adj. 率直的，不客气的 【同】forthright
When he (Magic Johnson) tried to make a comeback in the fall of ’92, the fears of some outspoken N.B.A. players forced him to call it off. (TIME, Feb.12, 1996, p.39)
1992年秋季魔术师的约翰逊想重返N.B.A.，但由于一些直言不讳的球员（怕被染上艾滋病），使他打消了这个念头。
 comeback n. 东山再起，卷土重来
pending [Ap?nd??] adj. 审理中的，悬而未决的；即将发生的
According the chairman, there are dozens of suits pending against the company.
(TIME, June 5, 1995, p.46)
根据该总裁的说法，该公司现有数十个正审理中的官司缠身。
perpetual [p?Ap?t???l] adj. 永久的 【同】permanent continual
California, locked in a perpetual automotive smog, requires that by 2003, 10% of the cars offered for sale in the state produce zero emissions… (TIME, Sept.23, 1996, p.41)
为永久不散的汽车污染烟雾所苦的加利福尼亚州，强制要求在公元2003年前，在州内销售的汽车有10%完全不排放废气。
persistent [] adj. 固执的，顽固的
A small but persistent group of critics, many of them supported by the oil and coal industries, still don’t buy it. (TIME, July 8, 1996, p.41)
有一群人数不多但固执己见的批评者，还是不信这一套，这些人中有很多受到是由业主和煤矿业主的支持。
persuasive [p?Aswes?v] adj. 有说服力的
Could it be that religious faith has some direct influence on physiology and health? Harvard’s Herbert Benson is probably the most persuasive proponent of this view.
(TIME, June 24, p.40)
宗教信仰可能对生理和健康有直接的影响？哈佛的赫伯特?本森大概是这理论最具说服力的提倡者。
pervasive [p?Aves?v] adj. 遍布的
The local U.S. attorney, Eddie Jordan, has called corruption in the (police) department “pervasive, rampant and systemic.” (TIME, Mar.20, 1995, p.45)
当地的美国律师乔丹就曾说过，该警察局内“贪污成风，非常猖獗，而且整个警局已成贪污共同体。”
 systemic adj. （毒物、疾病等）影响全身的
phony [fon?] adj. 伪造的
A police raid on a Tokyo trading company netted 2000 pieces of counterfeit Nike merchandise, including phony Air Maxes. (TIME, Oct.7, 1996, p.12)
警方突袭东京一贸易公司，搜出2000件耐克产品的赝品，其中包括Air Maxes运动鞋的仿冒品。
 net v. 捕获； counterfeit adj. 伪造的
poignant [Ap??nj?nt] adj. 尖刻的，切中要害的；辛酸感人的 【同】moving
That’s sort of a poignant irony. (TIME, Feb.20, 1995, p.38)
那段话有点尖刻的讽刺味。
 to be sort of 有几分，有点……
preliminary [pr?Al?m??n?r?] adj. 初步的
The American Society of Travel Agents said in a preliminary estimate that as many as 10000 of its 25000 members could be put out of business. (TIME, Feb.27, 1995, p.47)
美国旅行社协会初步判断，该协会2.5万家会员社中可能有1万家得关门。
previous [Apriv??s] adj. 先前的
But it is known that Senator Kennedy gave a toast more poignant than the one the previous evening. (TIME, Oct.7, 1996, p.42)
但听说肯尼迪参议员的敬酒词比前一晚的更加辛酸感人。
primary [Apra??m?r?] adj. 最初的，原始的，主要的
Sigmund Freud dismissed religious mysticism as “infantile helplessness” and “regression to primary narcissism.” (TIME, June 24, 1996, p.39)
弗洛伊德曾将宗教神秘主义斥为“幼稚的无能”和“退化到原始的自恋”。
 regression n. 倒退、退化
profound [pr?Afa?nd] adj. 1. 重大的，深刻的 2. （理念、作品、人）深奥的，思想渊博的
【同】 1. great 2. deep 【反】shallow
By creating breakthroughs in agriculture and disease-fighting, the manipulation of DNA should lead to profound improvements in human health. (TIME, July 17, 1995, p.40)
通过在农业与疾病防治方面的突破，对DNA的控制应能大幅度改善人类健康状况。
prominent [Aprm?n?nt] adj. 著名的，杰出的 【同】well-known
Abe Lincoln was a prominent railroad lawyer in 1860, but he campaigned for the White House as the simple Midwestern rail-splitter. (TIME, June 10, 1996, p.58)
1860年，林肯已是代理铁路诉讼案的名律师，却仅以中西部伐木工人的身份，出马竞选总统。
promising [Aprm?s?n] adj. 前景看好的 【反】unpromising
On the horizon are the remedies that may prove more promising. (TIME, Apr.3, 1995, p.62)
有一些可能更被看好的疗法即将问世。
 on the horizon 即将来临的
radical [Ar?d?kl] adj. 1. 彻底的； 2. 根本的，基本的；3. 基金的
【同】fundamental 【反】conservative  reactionary
More than at any other time in the past 25 years, men are living in a state of radical disconnection from the women-and-children part of the human race. (TIME, May 6, 1996, p.53)
过去25年来，男人完全脱离妇女儿童而独自居住的情形以目前最为严重。
rebel [Ar?bl] adj. 背叛的 n. 叛军 v. 反叛
Yeltsin ruled out direct peace talks with rebel leader Jokhar Dudayev. (TIME, Jan.30, 1995, p.15)
叶利钦决定不与叛军领袖杜达耶夫举行和平谈判。
 to rule out 拒绝考虑，排除
reckless [Ar?kl?s] adj. 鲁莽的，不顾后果的
Sports equipment designed to make football safer encouraged more reckless moves and ended up making the sport more dangerous than unpadded, unhelmeted rugby. (TIME, May 27, 1996, p.67)
美式橄榄球的护具本在保护球员，现在反而鼓励球员更不顾后果横冲直撞，结果使得美式橄榄球比起不用护垫与头盔的英式橄榄球更危险。
 to end up 结果变成
reminiscent (of) [?r?m?An?snt] adj. 使人想起……的
Last week 21 orphans and 13 Red Cross workers trying to guard them were murdered: in a scene reminiscent of Nazi Germany. the children were picked out of a group of 500 simply because they looked like Tutsi. (TIME, May 16, 1994, p.56)
上周21名婴儿和试图保护这些婴儿的13名红十字会工作人员遭到杀害，那种情景――在500人的群体中，小孩只因为长得像图西族，就被挑出来杀害――令人想起纳粹德国。
renowned [r?A?naund] adj. 著名的
With his boyish face and slender build, he (David Ho) could more easily pass for a teenager than for a 44-year-old father of three ---- or, for that matter, for a world-renowned scientist.
(TIME, Dec.30, 1996/ Jan.6, 1997, p.24)
娃娃脸和瘦瘦的身材，使何大一看起来更像是个青少年，而不像一位44岁，育有3名子女的父亲，更不像是世界知名的科学家。
rugged [Ar??d] adj. 崎岖不平的，多岩石的；（人）体格粗壮的，个性坚毅的
The man had previously completed (Army Ranger) training in rugged forest, desert and mountain terrains. (TIME, Feb.27, 1995, p.11)
这些人先前已在崎岖不平的森林、沙漠和山区受过陆军突击部队的全部训练。
savage [As?v?d?] adj. 野蛮的，残暴的 【同】vicious
And the old soldiers, rows of military medals pinned to their civilian clothes, are reminiscing about the war, the friends they lost and the savage, tragic history of the country they saved.
(TIME, May 8, 1995, p.78)
而这些老兵，便服上别了一排排的军功章，正在追忆战争、失去的友人，以及他们所拯救的这个国家一页页残暴的苦难史。
 reminisce v. 回想，追忆
sensible [As?ns?bl] adj. 合理的明智的
“Sensible” is not the criterion for a placard. (TIME, Mar.13, 1995, p.31)
“是否合理”并非是评判宣传标语好坏的标准。
 criterion n. (批评，判断，检验事务的)标准
sensitive [As?ns?t?v] adj. 敏感的，细腻的
The following year, Woo’s A Better Tomorrow … introduced Chow Yun-fat as the sullen, brutal antihero and Cheung as his sensitive counterpart. (TIME, Jan.29, 1996, p.40)
第二年，在吴宇森的《英雄本色》中，周润发以郁郁寡欢、凶残的反英雄形象出现，相对的，与他演对手戏的张国荣则扮演性情敏感的角色。
shrewd [?rud] adj. 敏锐的，有洞察力的
Mailer’s research and his shrewd eye lead him to believe …that Oswald did kill Kennedy and that …he acted alone. (TIME, May 1, 1995, p.94)
梅勒经过研究，加上敏锐的观察，认为奥斯瓦尔德的确是杀害肯尼迪的凶手，而且凶手只有他一人。
significant [] adj. 重大的，影响深远的 【同】important 【反】insignificant
The President’s ambition to stand taller in the world faces one significant U.S. made handicap: brutal cutbacks in funding American foreign policy. (TIME, Nov.18, 1996, p.30)
克林顿总统雄心勃勃，想在世界舞台上更加昂首阔步，却面临美国自己制造出来的一个重大障碍：国会不会留情面，删减了美国外交经费。
sluggish [Asl???] adj. 迟缓的，不景气的
The Paris-based OECD predicted a sluggish rate of growth in 1994 for the G-7 leading industrialized countries. (TIME, Jan.3, 1994, p.17)
总部设在巴黎的经济合作开发组织预测，1994年七大工业国的经济增长率会趋于迟缓。
sophisticated [s?Af?st??ket?d] adj.
1. (技术、产品)尖端的，先进的；2. （人）老于世故的；3. （人）精通的、老练的
【同】1. advanced 2. refined 【反】unsophisticated
Once the calling of wild-eye Cassandras and 19th century writers and social scientists on the radical fringe, long-range forecasting has become a sophisticated and quite profitable industry.
(TIME, July 15, 1996, p.38)
这种“长远预测”的工作，从前专属于眼神狂乱的预言家，在19世纪是激进的非主流作家和社会学家，如今则成为先进工业，而且利润相当高。
 calling n. 职业；
Cassandra对凶事提出预警，但不见信于人者。Cassandra为希腊神话中特洛伊国王之女，阿波罗为取得她的芳心，赋予她预言的能力，后来因求爱不遂又下令人们不准信其预言；
fringe n. （处于）边缘，远离核心的位置，较不受重视的地位
staggering [Ast??r??] adj. 令人惊愕的 【同】astounding
The Pope’s literary output is staggering. His letters, sermons and speeches fill nearly 150 volumes.
(TIME, Dec.26, 1996, p.60)
教皇的著作多得令人吃惊，信件、布道词、演讲共计近150卷。
strapped (for cash) [Astr?pt] adj. 身无分文的，阮囊羞涩的
Because of reduced oil prices and Gulf War debt, Saudi Arabia is so strapped for cash that it barely met the deadline for its latest $375 million payment on its U.S. weapons contracts.
(TIME, Mar.14, 1994, p.21)
由于油价下跌，加上海湾战争时所背负的债务，沙特阿拉伯已是国库空虚，几乎无力按照与美国签订的武器购买合同，如期支付最近一笔3.75亿美元。
subject (to) [As?bd??kt] adj. 受……支配的，受……影响的
Offers of assistance from 60 countries, the U.N. and the World Health Organization poured in. Some were subject to endless bureaucratic wrangling. (TIME, Feb.6, 1995, p.15)
来自60个国家、联合国、世界卫生组织的援助大量涌入，但有些援助却受制于该国官场里无穷无尽的争执。
 wrangling n. 争论、争执
substantial [s?bAst?n??l] adj. 大量的，重大的【同】significant 【反】insubstantial
In 1994, when he was 23, he plowed his substantial savings into creating WARP, to develop and publish video games. (TIME, Apr. 14, 1997, p.35)
1994年他23岁时，他投入大笔的积蓄创立了WARP公司，用以开发发行电脑游戏。
 to plow into: 投（资本）入
subtle [As?tl] adj. 隐晦的，不明显的，难以捉摸的 【反】blatant  obvious
Even when it seems beyond the reach of any one government, electronic information can be controlled, in ways both subtle and obvious. (TIME, Aug.19, 1996, p.52)
表面上看来电子资讯好像任何政府都管不了，其实还是可以控制，控制的手法有些隐蔽，有些则很明显。
sweeping [swip??] adj. 全面的，大规模的，影响深远的 【同】far-reaching
A House subcommittee…will vote next week on the Smoke-Free Environment Act, perhaps the most sweeping antismoking legislation Congress has ever seriously considered.
(TIME, Apr.18, 1994, p.58)
众议院一分组委员会将于下周就《无烟害环境法案》进行投票，这项法案是国会有史以来最看重的禁烟法案，也可能是最全面的禁烟法案。
tangible [At?nd??bl] adj. 可触到的，有形的
In fact, compared with more tangible assaults on the President’s character―namely Paula Jones’ pending sexual-harassment lawsuit and the federal investigation into Whitewater―words in a book can barely hurt him. (TIME, Feb.13, 1995, p.27)
事实上，比起那些对总统人格更具体的抨击――如宝拉?琼斯所提、正审理中的性骚扰案和联邦着手调查的白水案――一本书的用词对他几乎不具杀伤力。
thriving [Aθra?v??] adj. 兴盛的
Most countries offer few opportunities for female soccer players, but Norway has a thriving women’s professional league, and the U.S. a burgeoning co-ed youth soccer movement.
(TIME, June 3, 1996, p.17)
大部分国家的女足队员比赛机会不多，但挪威有蓬勃的女足职业联盟，而美国的青年男女混合足球运动正快速发展。
 co-ed adj. 男女皆收的，为coeducational之略
tremendous [tr?Am?nd?s] adj. 巨大的 【同】enormous
Some 65 million years ago, a comet or asteroid at least five miles wide struck the earth and blasted out a tremendous crater. (TIME, Jan.9, 1995, p.59)
大约6500万年前，一颗宽至少5英里的彗星或小行星撞上了地球，并在地表炸出了一个大洞。
tricky [Atr?k?] adj. 棘手的 【同】awkward
Getting in and out of the fast lanes is always tricky even today. It will be even trickier when you have to change lanes and hand off control to the computer at the same time.
(TIME, Nov.4, 1996, p.53)
即使在今天，进出快车道仍然需要技巧；更棘手的是，变换车道的同时还得把车子的控制权交给电脑。
unanimous [juAn?n?m?s] adj. 意见一致的
The 1993 Supreme Court decision was not unanimous. (TIME, Feb.6, 1995, p.66)
1993年最高法院的判决并非在各大法官意见一致的情况下做出。
unprecedented [?nApr?s??d?nt?d] adj. 史无前例的
In an unprecedented move, Zedillo chose a member of the opposition party as Attorney General.
(TIME, May 29, 1995, p.40)
塞迪约破天荒挑选了一位反对党人士出任司法部长。
urgent [A?d??nt] adj. 紧急的 【同】pressing
All this suggests that sumo, the institution, is in urgent need of its of its own purification.
(TIME, Sept.30, 1996, p.28)
这一切都表示，相扑界自清迫在眉睫。
venerable [Av?n?r?bl] adj. 受人尊敬的
You could almost say this venerable institution with its great credibility and history has been infiltrated slowly by the type of people it was not intended to deal with.
(TIME, Dec.12, 1994, p.64)
甚至可以这么说，这个极受信赖、拥有光荣历史而备受尊重的机构，已遭到它所不愿与之打交道之流人物的慢慢渗入。
 infiltrate v. 使渗入，渗透
vigorous [Av??r?s] adj. 精力旺盛的，充满活力的 【同】dynamic
It’s a signal as well that the U.S. economy may be starting to slacken after one of its most vigorous years in a decade. (TIME, Feb.6, 1995, p.49)
这也显示，美国经济在经历10年来相当繁荣的一年之后，可能正开始衰退。
 slacken v. 减缓，减弱
volatile [Avl?n?t?r?] adj. 善变的 【同】unstable
When properly combined, three volatile elements generate American celebrity: the media, the public and the spinmeisters who manipulate them. (TIME, June 26, 1995, p.30)
下面这3个善变的因素，如果搭配得好，就可以让人在美国名声大噪，这3个因素就是媒体、公众及操纵媒体与公众的形象包装高手。
 spinmeister n. spin和meister的复合字。spin指（对某著作、政策、形式或事件）给予新的解读或扭曲（以营造对作者或政治人物有利的局面，如良好的公众形象）；meister是德文，同英文的master（高手、能手）。两个字合起来就是指善于利用媒体以塑造良好公众形象的人，类似spin doctor（指党对媒体的发言人，替政治人物等处理媒体问题的顾问）。
voluntary [Avl?n?t?r?] adj. 志愿的，自愿的 【反】obligatory
It has been 16 months since Australia’s Northern Territory became the first place in the world to legalize voluntary euthanasia. (TIME, Oct.7, 1996, p.39)
自从澳大利亚的北方区成为世界上第一个将自愿安乐死合法化的地方，至今已有16个月了。
vulnerable [Av?ln?r?bl] adj. 易受伤的，脆弱的
The long time lag between the weapons’ arrival and the Bosnians’ training would leave them extremely vulnerable to snap Serb offensives… (TIME, Oct.10, 1994, p.44)
在武器运达之后和波斯尼亚人受训练熟悉装备之前，有一段长长的空挡，这期间他们根本经不起塞尔维亚人的突袭。
 lag n. （时间之间的）空挡

Chapter2 简易词 动词
abandon [?Ab?nd?n] v. 抛弃 【同】give up【反】stay with
Zhu (Ming-jiang) was forced as a teenager to abandon his education and, like tens of thousands of other intellectual young Chinese during the 1960s and 70s, was sent to the countryside to be “re-educated” by peasant.
朱明江少年时期被迫失学，和六七十年代成千上万的中国知识青年一样被送到乡间接受农民的“再教育”。
abolish [?Abl??] v. 废除
Man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life.
生命有限的人类，手中握有的力量，可以消灭人类一切的贫穷状态，也可以灭绝人类所有的生命形态。
abuse [?Abjuz] v.&n. 滥用；虐待
The term is much abused lately: in its strictest sense, virtual reality means creating an artificial environment so convincing it can’t be distinguished from the real thing.
仿真一词近来常被滥用，若严格加以定义，仿真表示创造一个人工的环境，而其如此接近事实，令人真伪难辨。
acknowledge [?kAnl?d?] v. 承认 【同】admit
Johnson acknowledged that he has in the past taken AZT, the antiviral drug typically administered when a person’s helper T-cell count drops to 500.
约翰逊承认他曾服用AZT，这种药物一般开给体内辅助性T细胞数量少于500的人服用。
acquire [?Akwa?r] v. 获取，取得
Even very young children learn by imitation; by watching how others act when they see someone in distress, these children acquire a repertoire of sensitive responses.
即使非常幼小的孩童也能通过模仿来学习。他们观察别人对伤心者的反应，从中学习到很多情绪反应，并存在记忆中。
 distress n. 痛苦，悲痛； a repertoire of 许多的，多方面的
adapt [?Ad?pt] v. 适应 【同】adjust
John Woo believes the communists are too smart to kill a cash like the Hong Kong movie business, and that local moviemakers will adapt.
吴宇森相信，共产党人很聪明，不会扼杀香港电影业这只金母鸡，而香港电影业本生也会适应。
address [A?dr?s] v. 处理 【反】ignore
Scientists first raised alarms about climate change in the late 1980s, but the international community has taken few concrete steps to address the problem.
科学家首先在1980年代末期提出对气候改变的警告，但是国际社会未采取什么具体行动处理这个问题。
affect [?Af?kt] v. 影响
They insist that the issue (work-family dilemma) be seen as affecting both men and women.
他们坚持认为，（工作与家庭难以兼顾）这个问题应该被视为对男性与女性双方都有影响。
amount [?Ama?nt] v. 等于
The morning in Seattle, addressing hundreds of analysts and media, Gates hit a rare rhetorical high, offering up what amounted to his new digital gospel.
那天早上在西雅图盖茨对数百名分析家与媒体人士，以罕见的慷慨激昂的措词，发表了一篇声明，等于揭示了他对于数字时代的新信条。
 hit v. 达到（某一水平）；rhetorical adj. 措辞的；high adj. 高水准
appeal [?Apil] v. 呼吁
In a letter released after his death, Dent appealed to those who attacked his decision:” If you disagree with voluntary euthanasia, then don’t use it, but don’t deny me the right to use it if and when I want to.”
在邓特死后所公开的一封信中，他呼吁那些攻击他所作决定的人：“如果你不赞成自愿安乐死，那就不要采用它，可是如果我想采用，以及决定什么时候采用，也请尊重我的权利。”
appreciate [?Apri???et] v. 喜欢
Patients appreciate the service, and the physicians seem to enjoy providing it.
患者喜欢这项服务，医生似乎也乐意提供。
arouse [?Ara?z] v. 引起
Any stranger who wanted to buy a large amount of ANFO (ammonium nitrate and fuel oil) would immediately arouse suspicion.
凡是想大批购买硝酸铵和燃料油的来路不明之士，都会立即令人生疑。
assemble [?As?mbl] v. 组合 【同】gather
Prosecutors sought to assemble a detailed chronology of the murder night with a parade of witnesses…
检察官陆续访谈了多名证人，以拼组出谋杀案当晚的详细过程。
 chronology n.  （事件）发生过程的记载
assert [?As?t] v. 主张、断言，宣称 【同】declare
Finally, since quantum physics asserts that matter and energy are interchangeable, we are not individual beings at all but merely local expressions of an infinite, universal field of energy.
最后，既然量子物理主张物质和能量可以互换，那么我们根本不是独立的个体，只不过是宇宙间无限能量场的局部表现而已。
assign [?Asa?n] v. 指派
The new top officer of the Navy…promised to speed up plans to assign women to all surface vessels and perhaps even allow them aboard submarines, the Navy’s last all-male bastion.
这位新上任的海军高级官员承诺，加速推动派遣女兵登上各舰只服务的计划，甚至可能让女兵进驻潜水艇――这个抗拒女性进入海军的最后据点。
 bastion n. 强力护卫某习俗或观念的体制或组织，堡垒
associate [?Aso???t] v. 将……联想在一起
Comets have long been associated with war, upheaval and disaster.
长久以来，人们总把彗星与战争、动乱和灾难联系在一起。
assure [?A??r] v. 保证 【同】guarantee
But even such battle-hardened successes do not assure victory for AmEx in its quest to reclaim the top standing it lost in 1989 in the $562 billion credit-card industry.
这是历尽艰苦奋斗才得到的成功，即使如此，也不表示美国运通公司必能在营业额达5620亿美金的信用卡业务中，如愿重登龙头宝座。美国运通公司于1989年失去这项宝座。
ban [b?n] v.&n. 禁止 【同】v. prohibit bar
Beijing bans overseas exhibits of pre-Ming dynasty paintings and calligraphy because of the extreme vulnerability of the ancient brocade, silk and paper.
北京禁止明朝以前的书画出国展览，因为年代久远的锦缎、丝绸与纸张极为脆弱。
 vulnerability n. 脆弱，易受伤害
betray [b?Atre] v. 背叛
They take a soap-opera plot C betrothed teenager falls for stranger, perfect mother is betrayed by her neighbors, ex-prostitute tries to live an honorable life …
他们采用通俗肥皂剧的剧情：如已定亲的少年爱上了陌生人；贤妻良母遭邻居出卖；从良的妓女想过有尊严的生活……
 plot n. (小说等的)情节，构想； betrothed adj. 已订婚的
boast [bost] v. 夸耀
Boasts Mayor Bill Campbell:” During the Olympics Atlanta will be the safest city in this country, certainly, and on the globe, probably.”
市长坎贝尔夸口说：“奥运期间，亚特兰大将是全国，甚至可能是全世界最安全的地方。”
champion [At??mp??n] v. 提倡 【同】advocate
Psychiatrist Brian Weiss is perhaps the most exotic. He champions reincarnation therapy.
心理医生布赖恩?韦斯可能是最特异的一位，他提倡轮回疗法。
characterize [Ak?r?kt??ra?z] v. 有……特征 【同】describe
“I can’t characterize my music as religious, although religious music is very close and dear to me,” says Kancheli, a devout Orthodox Christian.
“我不能把自己的音乐视为宗教音乐，虽然宗教音乐我常接触，而且是我所挚爱。”虔诚的东征教徒坎且利如是说。
claim [klem] v. 声称 【同】maintain
In fact, authorities claim that one-third of Taiwan’s more than 1200 known “black societies” were dissolved during the amnesty.
事实上，当局声称，台湾已知的1200多个黑社会帮派中，有1/3在这次特赦中解散。
collapse [k?Al?ps] v. 崩溃，倒塌
As baby boomers save for retirement, colleges for the kids or a rainy day (say, when the U.S. Social Security system collapses), their investment rates will soar.
婴儿潮时期出生的人口正在存钱以备养老、儿女的教育基金或是不时之需（例如一旦美国是会保险机制崩溃时），所以他们的投资比例会大幅增加。
 a rainy day 将来可能有的苦日子
collide [k?Ala?d] v. 碰撞 【同】crash into
Traveling at speeds of 130,000 m.p.h., mountain size fragments of the comet Shoemarker-Lavy 9 tore huge holes in Jupiter’s atmosphere throughout the week, giving astronomers a glimpse of the titanic forces released when celestial objects collide.
整整一星期，“苏梅克-列维9号”彗星的众多碎片，以庞大如山的身躯，13万英里的时速，将木星的大气层冲出数个大洞，让天文学家得以一窥星体相撞时所释放出的巨大力量。
 titanic n. 巨大的
command [k?Am?nd] v. 博得（尊敬）
Along with enthusiasm, sumo commands a large measure of reverence.
除了狂热之外，相扑还博得民众普遍的崇敬。
compel [k?mAp?l] v. 逼迫
They tried to push me, a Russian general, to shoot my own people in the capital of my own state. No such force exists that would compel me to do this.
身为俄国将军，他们要我在祖国的首都射杀同胞，但世界上任何力量都不能逼迫我去做这样的事。
compromise [k?mAp?l] v. 承认
If they think I am prepared to compromise, they’re in fantasy land.
如果他们以为我打算妥协，那他们是在做梦。
concede [k?nAsid] v. 承认 【同】admit  acknowledge
After three decades of spraying fire-ant territory with the killer compounds, however, the U.S. government was forced to concede defeat.
然而，在火蚁分布地区用杀虫剂喷洒了30年后，美国政府不得不承认失败。
 compound n. 化合物
condemn [k?nAd?m] v. 谴责 【同】denounce 【反】praise  endorse
Washington has been urging Arafat to condemn the terrorism.
华盛顿当局一直在敦促阿拉法特谴责恐怖主义。
conduct [Aknd?kt] v. 经营，处理，进行 【同】carry out
The project, called the New Economic Equation, conducted focus groups around the U.S. with men and women on all rungs of the socioeconomic ladder.
这个成为“新经济模式”的计划，针对美国国内一些特定群体来进行，研究这些来自各个社会经济阶层的男男女女。
 rung n. （社会上的）阶层
confront [k?nAfr?nt] v. 面对，对抗 【同】face
It’s hard to love someone who we see as an enemy, someone who kills children for profit. But God says we must love our enemies. Loving them means we must confront them with the truth of their sin.
要我们为眼中的敌人，以及为利而杀死孩童的人付出爱心，是不容易的事，但上帝说我们必须爱敌人，爱他们意味着我们要使他们如实面对他自己的罪行。
conquer [Ak??k?] v. 征服，克服
Conquering the light-speed computer industry means leaping ahead one cognitive generation and landing in the right place.
征服光速般突飞猛进的电脑业，意味着跃入一个知识的世纪，并找准了自己的位置。
 cognitive adj. 认知（力）的
constitute [Aknst??tut] v. 构成
Among other things, such studies help doctors determine what constitutes a safe dose of a ddrug before trying it out on people.
别的不提，这类实验至少帮医生了解一种新药的安全剂量是多少，然后才能试用在人身上。
contemplate [Aknt?m?plet] v. 考虑、思索 【同】consider
Congress is contemplating hearings on the advertising of alcoholic beverages.
国会正在考虑就含酒精饮料的广告举行听证会。
contend [k?nAt?nd] v.
1.竞争，对抗
Of all the infectious disease humans will have to contend with as the world gets warmer, malaria may be the worst.
随着世界变得愈来愈温暖，人类所必须对抗的所有传染性疾病当中，疟疾可能是最厉害的。
2.坚称，力辩
These attempts to undermine their country and its culture, the authors contend, “have made the Chinese people, particularly the youth, sick and full of aversion.”
这些作者坚称，那些企图破坏中国及其文化的举动，已让中国人，尤其是中国青年，心生厌恶，极其强烈的反感。
 aversion n. 嫌恶，反感
contribute [k?nAtr?bj?t] v. 贡献，出力 【同】donate
French officials, who regularly complain about the American refusal to contribute ground troops, tried again to persuade Washington to take part.
对于美国不愿派遣地面部队屡有怨言的法国官员，再次试图说服华盛顿当局出兵。
convert [k?nAv?t] v. 转变
Using a strategy Arthur calls “target, leverage, link and lock,” Microsoft proceeded to convert DOS users to Windows users, Windows users to Word users and so on down the product line.
实行阿瑟所说的策略“设定目标，主导潮流，连接商品，锁定市场”，微软公司陆续将DOS用户转换成Windows用户，将Windows用户变成Word用户，按此方式将原用户转成该公司后续产品的用户。
convey [k?nAve] v. 表达，传达 【同】communicate
Its report, released early this month, conveys guarded optimism.
该小组在本月初所公布的报告，表达了审慎的乐观态度。
convince [k?nAv?ns] v. 说服 【同】persuade
If the CIA is not interested, that’s their business, I am convinced that we should continue the research.
如果中央情报局不感兴趣，那是他们的事，我可是相信我们应该继续这方面的研究。
cope [kop] v. 妥善应付 【同】manage  contend
Struggling to cope with last December’s staggering $1.7 billion bankruptcy, officials in California’s Orange Country announced plans to sell off area assets such as libraries, courts and a juvenile-detention facility.
去年12月加州奥兰治郡因17亿美元的巨额负债而宣告破产，为应付此问题忙得焦头烂额的该郡官员宣布，拟出售该郡自称2，包括数栋图书馆、数栋法院及一处少年拘留所。
counter [Aka?nt?] v. 反驳
The defense will call Nobel laureate Kary Mullis… to testify that the (blood) samples used by the prosecution were too small to ensure reliable results. But deputy district attorney Lisa Kahn is an expert on DNA testing, and will be expected to counter such objections.
辩方将请来诺贝尔奖得主穆里斯，以证实检方所用的血迹采样数量太少，构不成足够的证据。但该地的副检察官坎恩是DNA测定专家，想必会对上述异议提出反驳。
credit [Akr?d?t] v. 褒奖
DIA credited psychics with creating accurate pictures of Soviet submarine construction hidden from U.S. spy satellites …
国防部情报局褒奖灵媒可精确地画出连美国间谍卫星都查不出来的前苏联潜艇建造基地。
 psychic n. 灵媒
curb [k?b] v. 限制，规范，克制 【同】check  restrain
When a company gets to be big enough, it either curbs its youthful ways or it invites the kind of scrutiny Microsoft is now getting.
一个公司发展到相当强盛的时候，要不就是收敛其锐气，要不就像现在的微软公司一样，引起普遍的注目。
demonstrate [Ad?m?n?stret] v. 显示 【同】show
The fossil demonstrates that brooding behavior evolved long before there were birds.
这化石显示，早在鸟类出现之前，孵蛋的行为就已经演化出来。
deprive [d?Apra?v] v. 剥夺
Those who have escaped the region [ Haiti ] claim the army has conducted a scorched-earth policy in an attempt to deprive [ the ousted President ] Aristide’s allies of their food and livelihood.
逃出海地的人士声称，海地军方已实施焦土政策，企图让【逃亡总统】阿里斯蒂德的支持者断炊，无以维生。
 scorch v. 使烧焦； oust v. 逐出
detect [d?At?kt] v. 发现，检测到
More important, over the past four years the scientists have not been able to detect even a trace of HIV in the child’s system.
更重要的是，过去4年里科学家一直未从这孩子身上检测出任何艾滋病毒的迹象。
deteriorate [d?At?r???ret] v. 恶化 【反】improve
“The paranoia is so deep,” says Jay Printz, sheriff of Ravalli County, Montana, another hotbed of militia activity. “I just hope it doesn’t deteriorate into armed confrontations. ”
蒙大拿州拉瓦里县是另一个民兵活动猖獗的地方，该县警长普林兹说：“被迫害妄想症已很严重，我只希望不会完全恶化为武装冲突。
 hotbed v. （罪恶等的）温床
devastate [Ad?v?s?tet] v. 彻底破坏 【同】ravage  wreck
Damming rivers for hydropower plants has devastated river systems, submerged farmland and displaced thousands of people.
拦河筑坝，建立水力发电厂，破坏了河川生态体系，淹没农田，并使数千人被迫迁居他乡。
 submerge v. 淹没
devote [d?Avot] v. 致力于，献身于 【同】dedicate
In 1902, Alfred Stieglitz, Edward Steichen and other now venerated American photographers formed a group devoted to convincing doubters that photography was a worthy form of artistic expression.
1902年，阿尔弗雷德?施蒂格利茨、爱德华?施泰肯和一些当今甚受敬重的美国摄影大师组织了一个团体，致力于让人们相信摄影是一种高尚的艺术表达方式。
 venerate v. 敬重，崇拜
diagnose [?da??括Anos] v. 诊断
Diagnosed with prostate career in 1991, Dent began his journey to death several weeks ago.
1991年邓特经诊断患有前列腺癌，数周后他开始了死亡之旅。
dismiss [] v. 轻视，忽略 【同】discount
Some educators dismiss as simplistic and overdone the nation that girls eagerly await such “feminine” software as Barbie CD-ROMS.
“女孩子渴望像芭比这种‘女性化’的软件光碟出现”，有些教育界人士认为这种观念太单纯，而且太夸大，而不值一顾。
 overdone adj. 太过火的，太过度的
displace [d?sAples] v. 撤换，强迫迁居
Knight, however, does not believe empires last forever. Business cycles will displace front-runners, even Nike.但耐特知道帝国并不是永恒的。景气循环会换掉领先者，即使是“耐克”。
 front-runner n. 比赛中有希望夺标的人
distinguish [d?Ast??w??] v. 区分，分辨 【同】tell apart  differentiate
Although this antibody treatment cannot distinguish between normal and misbehaving T cells, the gambit has proved successful.
虽然这种抗体疗法无法分辨T细胞的正常与否，但结果证明这一招相当成功。
document [Adkj?m?nt] v. 用文件或文献记录
There’s no documented evidence it had any value to the intelligence community.
并无记录证明此计划对情报机构有任何价值。
duplicate [Adupl?k?t] v. 复制
The suspicion that there were subversives in the atomic weapons program was encouraged by the Soviets’ ability to produce their own atom bomb four years after Oppenheimer’s success at Los Alamos, then to duplicate the H-bomb a mere nine months after the first thermonuclear explosion by the U.S.
奥本海默在洛斯阿拉莫斯（原子能研究中心）成功研制出原子弹四年后，前苏联即自行制造出原子弹；然后在美国进行第一次热核爆炸仅9个月后，前苏联也复制出氢弹。前苏联这种能力使人们更加怀疑，原子武器计划中是否潜伏有内奸。
 subversive n. 破坏者，颠覆分子
echo [A?ko] v. 回响 【同】resound  reverberate
“If there is no tree, how will the soil hold the water?” The question echoes across a subcontinent.
 “没有树，土地如何涵养水分？”这个问题在整个印度次大陆激起反响。
eliminate [?Al?m??net] v. 消除
In just six months, Gates has refocused the work force onto Net-related projects, mercilessly eliminated a dozen others that were Holy Grails a year ago, and geared up an Internet-content group that will spend tens of millions of the dollars this year.
仅仅6个月，盖茨已经把全员工作的重点转向与网络相关的计划，毫不留情地砍掉了12个一年前还是必保的目标，有成立一个国际互联网内容小组，这将会使微软在今年耗费数千美万美元。
 Holy Grail 传说为耶稣最后晚餐时所用的圣杯，因此成为中世纪武士一生追寻的圣物，引申为最崇高神圣的目标；to gear up 准备就绪
embrace [?mAbres] v.（欣然）接受，采取
In the end, Dole and Dominici are likely to embrace at least some tax cuts to go along with deep cuts in spending.
最后，多尔和多民尼奇可能至少会接受某些减税案，以配合某些大幅消减支出的案子顺利通过。
endorse [?nAd?rs] v. 宣传，赞同，支持
By paying Jordan and other athletes millions to endorse his shoes, the chairman and chief executive of Nike has helped turn them into household names and shaped sports to his liking.
耐克董事长兼总裁付给乔丹及其他运动员百万美元，请他们替他的球鞋做宣传，从而让这些运动员成为家喻户晓的人物，并且依他的喜好塑造了各项运动。
engage [?nAed?] v. 从事于
Like so many promising HIV treatments, Ho’s strategy could fail. It could even backfire if it is mistakenly touted as a kind of “morning after” treatment that allows people to relax their guard and engage in risky sexual behavior.
与其他许多前景看好的艾滋病毒治疗方式一样，何大一的疗法也可能会失败，甚至还可能收到反效果――如果这种方法被人们错误地当成是一种“事后补救”的治疗方式来宣传，导致人们放松警戒而从事危险的性行为的话。
enhance [?nAh?ns] v. 增强
In the largest study, almost 40% of those who took the placebo reported enhanced sexual function.
在一次最大规模的研究中，服用了并无药效的“安慰剂”的人中，有将近40%的人声称性能力有增加。
placebo n. 指不具药性，但会产生心理治疗作用的药
ensure [?nA??r] v. 保证（进展顺利），确保（地位）
In a controversial new book called Blindside, journalist Eamonn Fingleton argues that these firms help ensure that Japan will overtake the U.S. as the world’s leading economy by the year 2000.
在Blindside这部颇具争议的新书中，记者埃蒙?芬格顿辩称，这些公司应有助于确保日本在2000年之前超越美国，成为世界首屈一指的经济大国。
 overtake v. 超过
evade [?Aved] v. 躲过
Last December DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) officers working through private brokers bought parts of a Russian SA-10 air-defense missile system from Belarus, a former Soviet republic. The system is being dissected to see how U.S. Air Force planes can evade radar.
去年12月，国防情报局官员通过私人掮客，自前苏联贝拉鲁斯共和国购得尔罗斯萨姆10防空导弹系统的零件，如今这系统正被仔细检查，以探究美国军用飞机如何才能躲过雷达。
 dissect v. 肢解，详细检查
exceed [?kAsid] v. 超越
Toy manufacturers pray for a product’s sales to double after the launch of TV ads and for demand to exceed supply temporarily …
玩具厂商期盼电视广告打出去之后，销售量能涨一倍，并且有一段时间能供不应求。
exhibit [?括Az?b?t] v. 显示，显露 【同】demonstrate  show
Infants as young as three months old exhibit empathy when they get upset at the sound of another baby crying.
才3个月大的婴儿听到别的婴儿哭时，会感到难过，表示他们也有同情心。
expand [?kAsp?nd] v. 扩张
For his part, Yeltsin fears pressure from a NATO that is likely to expand closer to Russia’s western border.
对叶利钦来说，来自北大西洋公约组织的压力令他担心，因为该组织的扩张，可能会更逼近俄罗斯西部的边界。
explode [?kAsplod] v. 爆炸性增长
Gates in April 1994 called on off-site meeting of his top staff to talk about a technology that had been around for 20 years but had suddenly exploded.
1994年4月，盖茨召集高级职员开了一场与会者散居各地的远距离会议，谈论这项已有20年历史，最近突然大放异彩的技术。
fascinate [Af?sn?et] v. 使着迷
Young, who is fascinated by technology, has started a company that makes devices for the disabled, as well as high-tech toys.
对科技深为着迷的杨格开了一家公司，除了生产高科技玩具，也制造残疾人用品。
file [fa?l] v. 提出（控诉）
In response, the cult’s leaders had its lawyers file suit.
该教派领袖让其他律师提出起诉作为回应。
flourish [Afl?r??] v. 兴盛，繁荣，蓬勃发展 【同】thrive 【反】decline
Malaria, for example, has been flourishing in recent years owing to unusually hot weather.
比方说最近几年，由于异常的高温，使得疟疾非常流行。
forge [f?rd?] v. 制造出
In 1992 the board, looking to forge a new image for the company, eased him out as chairman despite his lobbying to stay on a few more years.
虽然他向董事会游说，希望能在现职多待几年，但是一心想为公司塑造新形象的董事会，还是在1992年暗中把他排挤出去，不再担任董事长。
 to ease out 把…悄悄打发走；lobby v. 游说，疏通
frustrate [Afr?stret] v. 使挫折
For the Republicans in the House, the past two months have been a frustrating lesson in the meaning of checks and balances.
对众议院的共和党议员而言，过去两个月在“权力制衡”上一直很不如意。
fuel [Afju?l] v. 添加燃料，助长 【同】feed
The shocking 1995 rape of a 12-year-old Okinawan girl by U.S. servicemen fueled deep-seated resentment felt by residents toward the continued presence of 47000 U.S. troops…
冲绳居民对4.7万名美军长期驻扎在当地，夙怀不满，1995年令人震惊的12岁重生女孩被美军强暴事件，使不满的情绪更为高涨。
 resentment n. 不满，愤恨
fund [f?nd] v. 资助
S. Fred Singer, president of the industry-funded Science and Environment Policy Project, argues that Epstein and his colleagues fail to note the positive health benefits of warmer nights and winters.
费雷德?辛格是企业界资助的“科学与环境政策计划”的负责人，他辩解说，爱泼斯坦和他的同僚未能注意到较暖和的夜晚和暖冬所带来正面、有助健康的好处。
fuss [f?s] v. 烦恼，烦忧 【同】flap
Selling goods abroad has been such a vital part of Asian miracle that the region fusses over export statistics the way other cultures follow sports scores.
长久以来，商品出口一直是亚洲经济奇迹中极其重要的部分，因此这地区的国家斤斤计较出口统计数字，就如同其他文化圈的国家密切注意运动成绩一样。
generate [Ad??n??ret] v. 发（电） 【同】produce
The energy of the flywheel is stored in this rapid rotation, which generates electricity on demand.
飞轮的能量就储存在快速的旋转中，需要的时候就可以产生电力。
halt [h?lt] v. 停止
Workers finally abandoned their search for the last two missing bodies in the rubble of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building; soon the FBI too will halt its search of the dangerously unstable structure.
工作人员终于放弃了在穆拉联邦大楼的瓦砾堆中，搜寻最后两具失踪遗体的工作；不久，联邦调查局也将停止对这栋岌岌可危的大楼的搜寻工作。
 rubble n. 瓦砾残堆
herald [Ah?r?ld] v. 作先锋，预告
In 1985 Chen’s Yellow Earth, in a sensational debut at the Hong Kong Film Festival, heralded the emergence of a pristine, passionate intelligence in cinema from the People’s Republic.
1985年陈凯歌的《黄土地》在香港电影节首映，造成轰动，预示一种纯朴、热情的中国电影诞生了。
sensational adj. 轰动的；pristine adj. 质朴的，为首玷污的
host [host] v. 主办
CyberCash launches CyberCoins with a respectable roster of partners: some 30 Web hosting companies will offer CyberCash to their client sites, and by year’s end CyberCash expects about 100 Web sites to take them up on it.
网络现金公司发行网络硬币时，其合作厂商的名单相当可观：大约有30家提供网络服务的公司将提供网络现金服务给他们的客户，同时网络现金公司预期年底之前会有约100个网站加入。
 respectable adj. （数量等）可观的；roster n. 登记簿，名册
hug [h?] v. 拥抱 【同】embrace
Reading to a child while touching, hugging and holding him or her can be a wonderful antidote to the impersonal tendencies of the information age…
对小孩念故事的同时，摸摸他们，拥抱他们或把他们抱起来，可能是以及神奇的解药，可以消弥当今资讯时代情感越来越淡的趋势。
 impersonal adj. 无人情味的
identify [a?Ad?nt??fa?] v. 指认
A single mother receiving state welfare who won’t help identify the father of her child will lose at least 25% of her benefits.
领受州政府福利金的未婚妈妈，若不帮助政府指认孩子的生父，福利金至少会被扣减25%。
ignore [?括An?r] v. 忽视 【同】disregard  overlook
No traditional toy company today can ignore computer technology.
如今没有一家传统型的玩具公司可以忽视电脑科技。
implement [A?mpl?m?nt] v. 实行 【同】carry out
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright referred ominously to the importance of implementing a half-forgotten 1995 auto trade agreement.
美国国务卿契尔布赖特提到“执行”已快被淡忘的1995年美日汽车贸易协定“非常重要”，话中透露出不详的信息。
impose [?mApoz] v. （将义务、惩罚）加于……
Moving through the U.S. Congress right now is a telecommunications-reform bill that would impose fines of as much as $100000 for “indecency” in cyberspace.
此刻美国国会正在审理一电讯改革方案，该法案对于在网络上传播“下流”内容者将处以高达10万美金的罚款。
infect [?nAf?kt] v. 使感染
Doctors at UCLA announced that a five-year-old boy, infected with HIV at birth, has been symptom-free ever since.
南加州大学的医生宣布，一名出生即染上艾滋病毒的5岁男孩，此后再也没有症状出现。
inspire [?nAspa?r] v. 引发，导致
None of the year’s mass responses could hold a candle in scope and complexity to astonishing grief inspired by Princess Diana’s car-accident death, of course.
当然，今年公众集体的反应，没有一件在涵盖范围和复杂程度上，能与戴安娜王妃因车祸身亡所引起的一场悲痛相比。
 to hold a candle to 与……相比；scope n. 范围
install [?nAst?l] v. 安装，设立
The fastest international link ever installed, this pipeline could be the first step toward laying a permanent network that will eventually hardwire every nation in the world into the Internet.
这条通讯线路是目前所装设传输速度最快的国际线路，而这也可能是朝向铺设一个永久性网络，将全国各国都连上国际互联网的起步。
institute [A?nst??tut] v. 设置
Mindful of the burnout suffered by child prodigies…, the W.T.A. has instituted new age restrictions; players 14 and under are barred from tour events, and players 15 to 17 will be gently introduced to topflight competition.
鉴于天才小球员被揠苗助长后带来的恶果，女子网球联盟已制定新的年龄限制；14岁及14岁以下的球员禁止参加巡回比赛，15岁到17岁的球员将循序渐进地参加高级球赛。
 to be mindful of 留心……的；to suffer burnout 由于太快走红或太早成功导致在专业生涯初期就已油尽灯枯、江郎才尽；topflight adj. 一流的，最高级的
invade [?nAved] v. 侵略
After the virus infects the cells of the respiratory system and begins replicating, neuraminidase cuts the newly formed copies free to invade other cells.
呼吸系统内的细胞染上病毒，而且病毒开始复制之后，神经氨酸酵素会将新生的病毒切下以便侵犯其他细胞。
 replicate v. 复制；neuraminidase n. 身精氨酸酵素，为病毒在人体内散播其复制体时所需要的酵素。
issue [A???] v. 发行 【同】release
On Nov.21, Free as a Bird will be issued as part of The Beatles Anthology Volume 1.
《自由翱翔》11月21日就要上市，收录在《甲壳虫精选第一集》中。
justify [Ad??st??fa?] v. 证明……为合理
According to a White House source, the Clinton Administration doesn’t feel the changes in Cuba have been substantial enough to justify a diplomatic rapprochement…
根据白宫一消息人士的说法，克林顿政府觉得古巴的改变还不够大，不足以让两国就此复交。
 rapprochement n. 建交或复交
launch [l?nt?] v. 1. 发动，展开（攻击等）；2. 发售，推出（新产品） 【同】1. start
Democrats too have launched a guerrilla operation to snag women in this presidential election.
在此次总统选举中，民主党也发动了一场游击战攻势，企图拉拢女性选民。
 snag v. （口语）抓取
lift [l?ft] v. 撤除，解除
It is an article of faith in Havana that if only Washington would lift the 33-year-old trade embargo, a vast infusion of American cash would rescue Cuba’s economy.
只要华盛顿当局撤销对古巴33年之久的贸易禁运措施，大笔美国资金将涌入解救古巴经济，在哈瓦那，这已是大家公认的事。
 an article of faith 信条；embargo v. 禁运；infusion n. 注入
maintain [menAten] v. 坚称 【同】claim
The key to success, Akimoto and other cable executive maintain, is to provide customers with local telephone service practically free of charge, a come-on that has worked well for cable companies in Britain.
Akimoto和其他有线电视主管坚称，向顾客提供实用性的市内电话免费服务是成功的关键，英国有线电视公司用这种方式招揽顾客就非常成功。
 come-on n. 招揽顾客的方式
merge [m?d?] v. 合并
Viacom, Paramount’s preferred suitor, announced an agreement to merge with videorental giant Blockbuster Entertainment.
Viacom公司是派拉蒙公司最中意的合并对象，却宣布已同意和录像带出租业巨人Blockbuster娱乐公司合并。
 suitor n. 求婚者
muster [Am?st?] v. 召集 【同】summon gather
But all he could muster on the House floor were 30 votes, mostly from congressional nobodies like himself.
但他在议会所能争取到的支持者只有30人，且大部分是和他一样的小角色。
navigate [An?v??et] v. 航行于，行进于
Once their link to the Net is established, viewers will, in theory, be able to navigate Websites with their trusty remotes as easily as they now surf TV channel.
一旦与全球资讯网连线，理论上，这些观众用他们信赖的遥控器就能漫游各处网站，就好像看电视换台一样容易。
negotiate [n?Ao???et] v. 谈判；通过谈判达成，谈成
Veterans can negotiate their own contracts as free agents, while young players must accept what their team pays them as long as it meets the minimum salary.
老球员可以以自由经纪人的身份和球员谈成合约，年轻球员对于球队给的薪水，只要符合最低水平，就只有接受的份。
observe [?bAz?v] v. 遵守，举行 【同】honor
After obtaining the three signatures required ― from his own doctor, a cancer specialist and a psychiatrist C and observing the nine-day cooling-off period, Dent was free to choose the time of his own passing.
得到了3个必要的人――他的医生，一位癌症专家及一位精神医师――的签字后，再经过规定的9天冷静期，邓肯就可以自由选择他自己的死亡时间。
 cooling-off period 做重大决定前用来冷却激情的一段时间
outrage [Aa?t?red?] v. 使……愤慨
Outraged cyberpurists responded by deluging Siegel and Canter with angry E-mail messages, following them with a steady stream of abuse as they fled from one electronic home to another.
主张保持网络纯洁的人勃然大怒，用愤怒的电子邮件回敬西格尔和坎特，让他们的信箱垃圾成灾。他们两人不断更换网址，可是辱骂的信件一直如影随形，摆脱不掉。
 abuse n. 辱骂，谩骂
overhaul [?ov?Ah?l] v. 翻修
Gore has also shouldered thankless but meaty tasks that give him something to attend to besides foreign funerals: reinventing government, overhauling telecommunications law, smoothing relations with Moscow.
戈尔也接下一些没有掌声却很吃重的工作，让他在出国参加丧礼之外有事可做，如改造政府，修改通讯法规，改善对俄关系。
 shoulder v. 负起(责任），担任（工作）；thankless adj. 吃力不讨好的，有功无赏的；
meaty adj. 角色吃重的，内容丰富的；smoothe v. 使平滑，是顺利
oversee [?ov?Asi] v. 监督 【同】supervise
“My emphasis now, ”says Anwar Ibrahim, the Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister who is overseeing the financing for all the projects… ”is on the financial services and foreign media.”
负责监管所有计划的资金调度的副总理兼财务部长瓦尔?易卜拉辛说：“我现在的重点放在金融服务业及外国传媒上。”
overwhelm [?ov?Ahw?lm] v. 压倒 【同】overpower
And then came the death of Princess Di, the response to which was at once overwhelming and bewildering.
然后发生了戴安娜王妃的身亡事件。公众对这个死讯的反应如同排山倒海，却也令人不解。
perceive [p?Asiv] v. （把……）视为
A major problem, say nutrition experts, is that most people perceive their diets as temporary restrictions imposed from outside.
营养学家说，主要问题是，大部分人都把节食者看作是外力所施加的暂时性束缚。
plague [ple] v. 使……困扰，使……烦恼
Growing inventories have plague retailers too since they stocked up in anticipation of a strong Christmas season.
存货增加也让零售商头痛不已，因为他们原本期待圣诞节前后会是个销售旺季，因而进了不少货。
 inventory n. 存货清单
ponder [Apnd?] v. 思索 【同】contemplate  reflect upon
During a break in filming Broken Arrow, …Woo casts his eye over the hundreds of technicians and ponders the contrasts in movie-making between Asia and America.
在拍《断箭》休息时，吴宇森看着上百名工作人员，思考着在亚洲与美国拍片的不同。
pose [poz] v. 造成，引起
The new legislation poses huge problems for some states, such as California…
这项新法给那些州造成很大的问题，例如加利福尼亚。
preserve [pr?Az?v] v. 保存 【同】conserve maintain 【反】destroy
Today, a handful of dedicated naturalists are giving time, money and even the occasional home mortgage to help preserve a different kind of horse --- the seahorse.
今天有一群一心奉献的自然主义者献上他们的时间与金钱，甚至于有时还得抵押房子去贷款，为的就是要保存另一种马――海马。
prevail [pr?Avel] v. 胜过，占优势 【同】triumph  be victorious
Microsoft could still prevail, in court and in the market, but it will not escape unscathed.
在法庭与市场上，微软都可能占上风，但无论如何都不可能毫发无损，全身而退。
unscathed adj. （肉体上、名誉上）未受伤的
promote [pr?Amot] v. 1. 促进，鼓励；2. 促销，推销商品 【同】1. encourage 【反】1. discourage
In Bangkok he will promote the seven-member Association of South East Asian Nations, which Washington considers increasingly influential.
在曼谷，他将会促进由7个会员国所组成的东盟的发展，华盛顿方面认为东盟的影响力与日俱增。
pursue [p?Asu]
v. （继续）进行
Eventually, he dropped out of school to pursue his education in the online world --- the poor man’s university.
最后他中途退学，到网络世界这个穷人大学继续他的学业。
v. 推行，实行（计划、调查、研究） 【同】carry out
Another problem is that government officials often pursue self-serving agendas.
另一个问题在于政府官员通常推行对自己有利的计划。
 self-serving 自私的，利己的
v. 追求，追寻（目标等） 【同】strive for
Given our history, these are extremely hard tasks, and we are forced to pursue both goals at the same time.
从我们的历史来看，这些是非常艰巨的任务，而且我们被迫同时追求两项目标。
reassure [?ri?A??r] v. 使……安心，再向……保证
He could see how anxious I was and he spent some of his last hour or two reassuring me, reminding me that this was an act of love and that I should see it as such.
他看出我是多么的不安，在他生命即将结束之际还花了一两个小时一再要我放心，提醒我这是爱的举动，并且劝我也应该如此看待。
reduce [r?Adus] v. 简化，减少，降低 【反】increase
IBM made a map of the world at one ten-trillionth scale from tiny blobs of gold, while Stanford scientists reduced the first page of A Tale of Two Cities 25000-fold.
IBM用黄金微粒做出一副十兆分之一比例的世界地图，而斯坦福大学的科学家则把《双城记》的第一页缩小为原来的2.5万分之一。
reflect [r?Afl?kt] v. 思索着说道
“I’ve always believed in simplicity, ” Klein reflects. ”’ve never been one to see women in reffles and all kinds of fanciful apparel. To me it’s just silly.”
克莱因思索着说道：“我一向敬仰简单的风格，从来不喜欢女人衣服上有一大堆褶子和花哨的装饰，那种衣服让我觉得可笑。”
 ruffle n. 褶边；fanciful adj. （设计等）新奇的，别出心裁的；apparel n. （华丽的）衣服
refrain [r?Afren] v. 抑制，避免
Presenters and recipients at the next Academy Awards would be advised to refrain from rambling thank-you and unentertaining political proclamations.
下一届奥斯卡颁奖典礼上，颁奖者和得奖者都将受到规劝：应避免拉拉杂杂的感谢词和乏味的政治宣言。
 rambling adj. 谈话、文章漫无边际的，拉拉杂杂的；unentertaining adj. 无趣的
register [Ar?d??st?] v. 登记、注册
Here’s how the system works: starting this week, you’ll visit the CyberCash Web site, download an empty electronic wallet onto your hard drive and register it with the company.
这套系统的运作方式如下：从本周开始，你可以进入网络现金公司的网站，把一个空的电子皮夹下载到你的硬盘上，同时向该公司注册。
reinforce [?ri?nAf?rs] v. 强化，加强 【同】strengthen
If, on the other hand, the feelings they begin to express are not recognized and reinforced by the adults around them, they not only cease to express those feelings but they also become less able to recognize them in themselves or others.
另一方面，小孩开始表达感情时，若没有受到周围成人的肯定和鼓励，他们不但会停止继续表达，而且对自己或他人感情的感受力也会降低。
release [r?Alis] v. （录影带、唱片等）发行，（影片）放映
It’s been another hot year for customer electronics, one that saw Toshiba release and impressive desktop PC, Sony take a first crack at a personal computer and a swarm of companies come out with hand-held devices…
对于消费性电子产品来说，今年又是热销的一年。东芝推出一款令人印象深刻的台式电脑，索尼公司首度尝试打入个人电脑市场，同时不少公司推出了手提型的设备。
 crack n. （口语）尝试；a swarm of 大群
render [Ar?nd?] v. 提供（援助、服务） 【同】give
Teaming up with Jim Clark, then chairman of Silcon Graphics and now at Netscape, Lincoln devised a plan to stuff the graphics-rendering power of a $90000 SGI Reality Engine park … into a box that will be $250 in the U.S.
林肯与当时的硅图公司总裁，也就是今天网景公司的总裁克拉克合作，计划将硅图价值9万美金的“现实引擎”中的图形生成技术，塞到在美国售价250美元的盒装游戏机里去。
 to team up with 与……合作； devise v. 设计，想出；stuff v.将……塞进
replace [r?Aples] v. 取代
The White House is searching for a new World Bank president to replace Lewis Preston, who is stepping down because of illness.
白宫正在寻觅人选，接替因病离职的普雷斯顿出任世界银行总裁。
resemble [r?Az?mbl] v. 像
Ask Bill Gates about something he wants to talk about … and he acts like the teenage boy that he still resembles. He grins. His voice breaks.
当你问比尔?盖茨某些他感兴趣的话题时，外表还有些像年轻人的他，表现得就像个小伙子似的，咧嘴而笑，连声音都变了。
 grin v. 露齿而笑
resent [r?Az?nt] v. 愤恨
While many of Clinton’s closest advisers resent Morris’ growing influence, he has his admirers in the White House …
莫里斯愈来愈红，令克林顿身边的心腹顾问大表愤慨，但在白宫，莫里斯还是有一些景仰者。
reside [r?Aza?d] v. 居住 【同】live
With Java, data and programs … don’t have to be stored on you computer anymore. They can reside anywhere on the Internet, called up by whoever needs them, whenever they need them.
有了Java之后，数据与程序就不需要再储存在电脑里，可以放在国际互联网上的任何地方，任何人需要，随时可以调用。
resort [r?Az?rt] v. 诉诸，动用
There is no right to resort to violence when you don’t get your way.
即使你不能随心所欲时，也无权动用武力。
restore [r?Ast?r] v. 恢复
Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo’s plan to restore stability to his country’s wounded economy was rejected by investors for its lack of specific remedies, causing the peso to fall to a record low against the dollar by week’s end.
墨西哥总统赛迪略拟定计划，企图使该国残破的经济恢复稳定，但因此计划欠缺明确的改善措施，导致比索在本周末贬值到有史以来最低点，投资商对此计划也就敬谢不敏。
resume [r?Azum] v. 在中断之后重新开始 【同】recommence
A network of satellite-linked computer systems will guide the car safely to exit, at which point the driver will resume control to the final destination.
一套与卫星连接的电脑系统网络会将车安全引导到出口，此时，再由驾驶者重新操纵车辆前往目的地。
revive [r?Ava?v] v. 复兴
To revive the ancient tradition, 129 members of the U.N. General Assembly co-sponsored a resolution calling for a worldwide cease-fire during the 17 days of the Altanta Olympics.
为了恢复古代的传统，联合国大会有129个会员国共同推出决议案，呼吁在亚特兰大奥运会进行的17天期间，在全世界范围内停止战火。
rush [r??] v. 匆促行事 【同】hurry
No wonder nation-states are rushing to get their levers of control into cyberspace while less than 1% of the world’s population is online.
因为全球上网的人口还不到1%，怪不得各国都迫不及待想取得进入网络世界的控制权。
sabotage [As?b??t?] v. （以间接的手段）破坏
Meanwhile, the U.S. and Israel regard Iran as a rogue state that seeks to export terror, build nuclear weapons and sabotage the Middle East peace process.
在这同时，美国与以色列视伊朗为流氓国家，认为它致力于输出恐怖活动，建立核力量，破坏中东和平进程。
 rogue n. 恶棍，流氓
scatter [Ask?t?] v. 散播，散布
Epstein … notes that in recent years variants of the class of viruses that includes measles have killed seals in the North sea, lions in the Serengeti and horses in Australia --- three very different animals widely scattered around the globe.
爱泼斯坦指出，最近几年，几种与麻疹同类型的滤过性病毒之变体已经害死了北海的海豹、塞伦加提的狮子及澳大利亚的马――分散于世界不同地区、截然不同的3种动物。
shed [??d] v. 使泻出，散发
Today the yellow arches of McDonald’s shed their plastic gleam on Red Square, and gangsterism tules instead of socialist virtue.
如今红场上流泻着麦当劳黄色的拱形标志所散发出的虚幻光芒，统领一切的不再是社会主义美德，而是逞凶斗狠的帮派行径。
shrink [?r??k] v. 减少，变小(pt shrank, pp shrunk) 【反】grow
Samsung Electronic, for example, which has seen its stock price shrink by half since the beginning of the year, has cut back 16-megabitchip production nearly 15%.
举例来说，韩国的三星电子公司眼见其股票价格自年初开始下跌到原来的一半，已经将其16GB芯片的生产量减少近15%。
slash [sl??] v. 大幅削减（经费） 【同】cut
Time and again, as La Mama’s grants from government have been slashed, her theater has been on the verge of closing.
随着政府给拉玛玛的经费被削减，他的剧场多次濒临倒闭。
 grant n. （机构给予的）补助金
soar [s?r] v. 升高，（价格）暴涨 【同】rocket
Relations with Japan could soar. Economic friction has eased. The trade deficit has dropped 30% in the past year.
与日本的关系可能大幅加强，经济摩擦已经缓和下来，贸易赤字在去年一年就减少了30%。
spark [sprk] v. 刺激，鼓舞 【同】promote  trigger
Chirac’s task now is to heal the wounds of a bruising campaign, restore public confidence and spark a job-creating burst of economic growth.
希拉克眼下的重任，就是抚平激烈的竞选活动造成的创伤，重建人民的信心，以及带动一阵足以创造就业机会的经济增长。
 bruising adj. 激烈的；a burst of 一阵
split [spl?t] v. 分裂
Relations between the countries hit a high after World War II when they coalesced to lead the world communist movement. But they split in the 1960s over ideological difference.
第二次世界大战结束后，两国联手领导世界的共产主义运动，当时两国的关系达到最高点，但在60年代因意识形态相左而分道扬镳。
 bit v. 达到；high adj. 高水准；coalesce v. 联合
stage [sted?] v. 推出，举办 【同】hold
But then he felt compelled to stage an impromptu press conference, at which he “revealed” that Russia’s military possesses something called an “Elipton, ”a weapon of mass destruction more powerful than a nuclear weapon.
但他后来觉得应该开一场临时记者招待会，会上他透露俄国军方拥有一种叫做“埃利普顿”的大规模毁灭武器，其威力比核武器还强。
 to feel compelled to… 觉得应该……，觉得……是应有所为
stall [st?l] v. 使停止，阻挡
About 40000 refugees were stalled Saturday just outside Tanzania after the country closed its borders.
坦桑尼亚关闭过境后，星期六约有4万名难民被挡在该国国境外边。
steer [st?r] v. 引导，带领 【同】guide
Firmly, I steer them away from cheap, ugly, weakling, mail-order clones and toward absurdly powerful machines that cost a fortune and make the room lights dim when they power up.
我毅然决然将他们带离那些价钱便宜、外形丑陋、功能不全、可以邮购的仿制品，转向那些功能强大得离谱，价格高昂，而且开机时连房间的灯光都会暗下来的机种。
 weakling adj. 瘦弱的； clone n. 复制品，克隆
stem [st?m] v. 源自(from)；遏制
And newborn blacks are expected to live an average of seven years less than whites. That could stem from environmental factors, including access to medical care, since the gap was only six years as recently as 1985.
黑人新生婴儿的平均寿命预计比白人新生婴儿短了7年，这可能源自环境因素（包括医疗福利方面），在1985年，这项寿命差距才只有6年。
stimulate [Ast?mj??let] v. 刺激，激励
During her campaign, she predicted that the tax cuts would help stimulate job growth of 450000 over four years.
她在竞选时预言，减税措施将有助于在未来4年促成45万个工作机会的增加。
strain [stren] v. 拉紧，过度使用
Then there is the eye-straining challenge of reading screenfuls of text from 2.4 m to 3.6 m away --- the distance most people sit from their TV sets.
再则从2.4米到3.6米远的地方阅读充满屏幕的文字，是个极耗费眼力的挑战――这是一般人坐看电视的距离。
stun [st?n] v. 是……震惊 【同】 amaze  shock
The main charge by Onaruto and Hashimoto was that sumo is frequently rigged. And they stunned readers by naming manes and admitting that they themselves had helped fix bouts.
大鸣户和桥本主要指控相扑比赛经常作弊，令读者吃惊的是他们不但指名道姓，而且坦率承认曾参与作弊。
 fix v. 用不正当手段操纵（选举、比赛、陪审团等），买通（法官等）；bout n. 比赛
submit [s?bAm?t] v. 提出
Last week House Speaker Newt Gingrich sent Clinton a letter urging him to submit within a month a plan outlining the cuts he could make to balance the budget in seven years.
上星期众议院议长金里奇寄了一封信给克林顿，促请他于一个月内提出计划，开列出他为了在7年内平衡预算需削减的各项经费。
 outline v. 概述
sue [su] v. 控告
Seeking to change the system, female spies sue the CIA for discrimination.
为了改变中央情报局体制，女情报人员控告该局有性别歧视。
suppress [s?Apr?s] v. 压制，阻止……的生长、发展 【同】restrain  restrict
I am not sure they will be successful in suppressing the flow of information.
他们是否能成功阻止资讯流动，我有点怀疑。
surrender [s?Ar?nd?] v. 交出；放弃；投降
The World Wide Web, the interconnected computer universe that teems with affluent consumers whose only means of spending money online is to surrender their credit card to insecure networks…
万维网，这个由电脑所串联起来的世界里，到处都是有钱的消费者。他们在网络上唯一的消费方式，就是将信用卡交给不保险的网络系统。
 to teem with 充满；富于
sustain [s?Asten] v. 维持，养活 【同】keep going
Assisted by the assets stashed away under the pension plan, the nation’s once anemic savings rate is up to a healthy 29%. That in turn has been a factor in helping sustain Chile’s enviable 8% annual growth rate.
由于存放于退休金计划里的资金的注入，智利一度处于贫血状态的储蓄率，如今升至29%的良好状态，而这是智利能维持令人艳羡的8%年增长率的一大助力。
 anemic adj. 贫血的；to stash away 储藏，存放
tap [t?p] v. 轻按（电脑键）
A motorist lost in the San Fernando Valley can tap into GPS and get an instant position on the digitized map.
若在圣福尔南多峡谷驾车迷路，只要按键进入全球定位系统，就可立即在数字化地图上找出自己的位置。
testify [At?st??fa?] v. 作证
I may sound clinical and unemotional when I testify about these operations, but it does not reflect my true feelings…
当我为这些行动作证时，人们可能觉得我客观又冷静，但那并非我内心真正的感受。
 clinical adj. 冷静的，客观的
threaten [Aθr?tn] v. 扬言，放话
Under the proposed reforms, … anyone’s neighbor could threaten to convert his land into a toxic-waste dump and claim compensation from the government if he was not allowed to do it.
按照已提出的改革方案，任何人的邻居都可能放话要将自己的土地变为有毒废物的弃置场，政府若不准他这么做，就向政府索赔。
 claim v. 要求，索讨
tolerate [Atl??ret] v. 容忍 【同】put up with
American capitalism likes entrepreneurs to have a gleam in their eye, and even tolerates some clawing and scratching as long as the playing field is level and the fight is fair.
美国资本主义喜欢企业家野心勃勃，甚至容忍彼此激烈竞争，只要一切竞争合乎公平原则。
 a gleam in one’s eye 尚未形成的想法；claw v. （用爪）抓；scratch v. 抓
track [tr?k] v. 追踪
Still other sensors (in smart cars) will track and record the wear on parts and systems, alerting the driver to potential trouble, and will even flash warning when pressure in the tires is too low.
另外，（智慧汽车上的）其他传感器会追踪并记录零件与系统地磨损情形，借此提醒驾驶人防备潜在的危机，胎压过低时，这些传感器甚至会闪灯警示。
transcend [tr?nAs?nd] v. 超越
But because she is an African-American woman, her importance to and impact on her times transcend the literary.
但因为她是非裔美国人，又是女性，她在当时的重要性及影响力，超越了文学的范围。
transfer [tr?nsAf?] v. 转移，转账，转变
The software acts like an ATM, allowing you to transfer $20 to $100 from your bank into your (electronic) wallet before heading off onto the Web.
这套软件的功能类似自动提款机，让你在上网采购之前先从自己的银行账户转帐20至100美元到电子皮夹里。
transform [tr?nsAf?rm] v. 改变
They would more radically transform the system by ending the income tax entirely and by shifting to taxes on consumption.
他们改革体制的作法更为激进，一方面整个废除所得税，一方面将税收来源转到消费上。
undergo [??nd?Ao] v. 接受（检查、手术等），经历(underwent, undergone) 【同】 go through
Foreigners who intend to spend more than three months in Russia must now undergo mandatory testing to prove they are not infected with HIV…
外国人凡欲在俄国境内居留超过3个月，都必须接受强制性检测，以确定是否染上艾滋病毒。
 mandatory adj. 强制的
undermine [??nd?Ama?n] v. 损坏，破坏
The prosecution opened its murder case against O.J. Simpson by presenting witnesses and evidence intended to undermine his public image as a genial ex-jock with a portrait of a jealous wife abuser.
检方一开始就提出人证、物证，起诉辛普森杀人；并且有意通过这些人证、物证，破坏之前这位前运动员亲切和善的公众形象，代之以满怀妒意、虐待老婆的形象。
 genial adj. 亲切的、友善的；jock n. 运动员
undertake [??nd?Atek] v. 采用，执行 【同】 take on
His army, he declared, had been ordered to undertake measures to prevent any further strangulation of the city.
他宣称他的军队系“奉命采取各种措施，以防止此城市的形势更为恶化”。
 strangulation n. （成长、发展）受阻，窒息
worship [Aw???p] v. 崇拜，崇敬 【同】adore  venerate
For most of this century, scientists have worshipped the hardware of the brain and the software of the mind; the messy powers of the heart were left to the poets.
大半个世纪以来，科学家崇拜的是大脑这项硬件加上思想这项软件，而情感这种捉摸不定的东西，一向留给诗人去歌颂。
 messy adj. 杂乱的

Chapter3 简易词 名词
access [A?ks?s] n. （使用、看某物）机会或权利
Theoretically at least, whole populations will have direct access to information without waiting for it to be filtered through a government, or a press.
至少在理论上，全体人民都可以直接取用资讯，不必等候政府或媒体的过滤。
agenda [?Ad??nd?] n. 议程，行动计划
He has a modest domestic agenda centered on improving education and strengthening families, and he believes most of those programs can run without much direct input from him.
他有一套保守的内政方案，主要是以改善教育和强化家庭为重点，而且他相信，这些政策大部分都不需要他太多的直接参与就可以运作。
ally [?Ala?] n. 盟邦 【同】confederate 【反】enemy
Just as Clinton’s first official overseas trip, in 1993, was to Asia, … his first post-election trip will take him back to the region for visits with three other major allies --- Australia, the Philippines and Thailand.
正如克林顿上任后的首趟外交之旅是于1993年到亚洲，他连任后的第一次出访也将再回到这个地区，访问另外3个主要盟国――澳大利亚、菲律宾和泰国。
amateur [A?m??t?] n. 业余爱好者 【反】professional
In February their lovers’ quarrel in Central Park was captured on an amateur’s videotape, which tabloid TV shows replayed over and over again.
2月时，这对情侣在中央公园争吵的场面被一位业余摄影师收入镜头之中，爱炒绯闻的小电视台就整日重播这一段。
 tabloid adj. 专报耸动、煽情新闻的
anarchy [A?n?k?] n. 无政府状态 【同】chaos
Tirana is in total anarchy.
地拉那完全陷入无政府状态。
anguish [A??w??] n. （心理上的）苦楚，烦恼 【同】agony
Not since 1932, when Franklin D. Roosevelt promised a New Deal to ease the economic and social anguish of the Great Depression, has a U.S. presidential race been so focused on domestic affairs.
自从1932年罗斯福承诺以新政来减轻经济大萧条带来的经济与社会痛苦之后，历来的美国总统竞选没有一次像这次一样，如此关注国内事务。
approach [?Aprot?] n. 方法、途径
The approach favored by IDEC Pharmaceuticals … is to target all active T cells with a custom-made antibody that can temporarily knock the immune cells out of commission.
IDEC制药公司所偏爱的方法，是利用一种特制的抗体对付所有活跃的T细胞，这种抗体能够让这些免疫细胞暂时失去功能。
 custom-made adj. 订制的，非现成的；out of commission 损坏，无法运作
assault [?As?lt] n. 攻击 【同】attack
Such assaults are most likely to injure the large service providers, sober institutions more culturally attuned to their governmental attackers than the info-guerrillas of cyberspace.
这些攻击手段最可能打击到的是那些大型的服务供应者，因为它们是比较配合政府指示的正派机构，游走网络世界的反叛者反而比较不受影响。
 sober adj. 严肃的，持重的；to be attuned to 适应于……，配合
bailout [bel?a?t] n. 融资，紧急救助
In Washington the Clinton Administration’s proposed $ 40 billion bailout of the weakened peso met with stiff opposition from Democrats.
华盛顿的克林顿政府提议以400亿美元紧急救助大幅贬值的比索，遭到民主党强硬反对。
boom [bum] n&v. 繁荣，暴涨 【反】slump
The wealth comes from initial public offerings of stock, or IPOs, which are experiencing an unprecedented boom in the great American bull market of the past two years.
他们的财富来自于股票上市，过去两年，美国股市暴涨，创出前所未有的佳绩。
boost [bust] n. 暴增
Companies such as K Mart have performed brilliantly, slicing overhead and enjoying the resultant earnings boost, but have failed to grow once the cutting stopped.
像卡马特百货集团这样的公司，原本表现奇佳，大砍固定支出，享受随之而来的利润暴涨，但一旦停止裁减，增长也随之停滞。
 slice（将面包、肉等）切成薄片；overhead经常开支，一般费用
boycott [Ab???kt] n. 杯葛，抵制
Harry Edwards, the American sociologist who attempted to organize a black boycott of the 1968 Games in Mexico City in a bid to call attention to the plight of black athletes in America…
为了唤起世人关注美国黑人运动员所处的困境，美国社会学家哈里?爱德华兹试图发动黑人运动员抵制1968年墨西哥运动会。
 bid n. 努力，试图
campaign [k?mApen] n. （社会、政治上的）运动，竞选活动 v. 参加竞选
Only once did Bill Clinton raise a significant example of foreign policy. That came in the campaign’s final fortnight, when he proposed that NATO begin admitting Central and East European nations to the Atlantic alliance by 1999.
在外交政策上，克林顿只提出了一个较重大的事例。那是在竞选进入最后两周时所提出的，当时他提议说，北大西洋公约组织应该在1999年之前，接受中欧和东欧国家加入这个大西洋联盟。
chaos [Akes] n. 混乱
In the first few years there may be panic and chaos, but the people will learn to fit into the new system very fast.
头几年他们也许会慌张与混乱，但很快就能适应新体制。
character [Ak?r?kt?] n. 角色，人物
The world’s No.1 toymaker, whose products range from Fisher-Price infant and preschool toys to Disney-licensed characters, gets more than one-third of its nearly $4 billion in sales from the 29.2-cm-tall mannequin.
这家世界最大的玩具制造商，产品从费雪牌的婴儿服、学龄前儿童玩具到迪斯尼授权的卡通人物玩具一应俱全；光是（芭比）这个高29.2厘米的娃娃就占了公司近40亿美元营业额的1/3。
mannequin n. (艺术家使用的)人体模型
clash [kl??] n. 冲突，抵触
Perhaps the greatest threat in the clash between science and politics is that researchers might allow potential controversy to deter them from investigating sensitive subjects.
科学与政治的冲突所引发的最大危险，可能就在于研究人员会因潜在的争议而不再探索一些敏感的题材。
clout [kla?t] n. 权利，影响力，威信 【同】weight
His leadership abilities and attempt to bring some clout to the traditionally rubber-stamp Congress will be put to the test when it meets in March.
他的领导才能和试图增加这个向来知识橡皮图章的国会的影响力的努力，将在3月国会开会时面临考验。
coalition [?ko?Al???n] n. 联合，联合政府 【同】alliance
The Rev. Kang Shin Seok, a Presbyterian minister who witnessed the mayhem, now heads a coalition of victimized people’s groups.
目击了这场暴力事件的长老会牧师Kang Shin Seok，现在是几个受难者团体组成的联盟的领导人。
combat [Akmb?t] n. 战斗
Even now, despite Beijing’s displeasure, Washington is selling Taiwan combat aircraft and other equipment.
即使是现在，尽管北京反对，华盛顿仍然出售战斗机及其他装备给台湾。
commonplace [Akm?n?ples] n. 寻常的事，老生常谈 adj. 寻常的，不稀奇的
It’s become commonplace to note that voters treated Bill Clinton in 1992 the way Wall Street treats a stock.
现在经常可以听到这番话：选民在1992年对克林顿的态度就像今日华尔街对股票的态度一样。
compass [Ak?mp?s] n. 指南针
A new Secretary of State will hold the compass. Warren Christopher will vacate his State Department office by January.
国务卿克里斯托弗于1月离开国务院之后，将会有新国务卿来接掌。
vacate v. 辞退（职位），让出（位子）
compassion [k?mAp???n] n. 同情，悲悯
At home, with the gap between rich and poor widening, the seemingly ingrained American notions of compassion, codified during the New Deal, are colliding with the fears of those who feel financially strapped …
在国内，随着贫富差距日益悬殊，似乎已深植美国人心中，且于“新政”期间化为具体条文的同情心，正与那些经济拮据的美国人心中的恐惧相冲突。
ingrained adj.（习惯、想法）根深蒂固的；condify v. 把……编成法典；collide v.（意见、目的）相冲突，抵触，同clash
conflict [Aknfl?kt] n. 冲突
Even though Chechnya could not hope to win its secessionist war against Moscow, Dudayev warned that continued fighting might well draw neighboring republics into a wider regional conflict.
尽管车臣共和国不敢奢望在脱离俄国的战争上打赢莫斯科，但杜达耶夫警告说，若战争持续下去，有可能把临近的共和国也卷入，变成更大范围的区域冲突。
consequence [Akns??kw?ns] n. 后果
At home labor costs per unit of output are going down, a consequence of rising productivity, and falling oil prices are putting another damper on inflation.
由于劳动生产效率提高，国内每单位产量消耗的劳动成本逐渐下降，而油价下跌也抑制了通货膨胀。
to put a damper on 抑制，使扫兴
conspiracy [k?nAsp?r?s?] n. 阴谋
Hale became the target of a flood of hate Email, much of it accusing him of being part of a conspiracy to suppress the true nature of Hale-Bopp.
海尔成为众矢之的，充满恨意的电子邮件向他蜂拥而来，大部分都指控他是隐瞒海尔波普彗星真相这项阴谋的一员。
suppress v. 隐瞒（姓名、证据、事实等）
credibility [?kred??b?l?ti] n. 可信度
Whatever the reasons, the fact remains that the organization (U.N.) desperately needs a rapid-reaction capacity if it is to maintain credibility in emergencies.
不管有什么理由，至今仍毋庸置疑的事实是，联合国若欲维持其在处理紧急事故上的可信度，就迫切需要快速应变能力。
debut [d?Abju] n.（法文）首演，初次上场表演
That day Jordan made his debut against the Indiana Pacers, and though he shot only 7 of 28, he moved well considering he had been playing baseball for a year.
那天乔丹在对印第安那步行者队的比赛中首度上场，尽管投28球进7球，但考虑到他先前打了一年的棒球，这样的成绩已经很出色。
demonstration [?d?m?nAstre??n] n. 抗议，示威
Just two weeks ago, 85000 people, nearly 8% of Okinawa’s population, joined the largest single demonstration in the island’s history to call for the Americans’ removal.
仅在两周前，几乎占冲绳人口8%的8.5万人参加了岛上有史以来最大一次示威，要求美国人撤走。
disability [?d?s?Ab?l?t?] n. 伤残，无行为能力的 【同】handicap
Most aid, including nearly all low-income programs, food stamps, Medicaid and disability assistance, will be denied during an immigrant’s first five years in the U.S.
移民美国后的前5年，大部分的救助金都不能领取，包括几近全部的低收入户援助、食品券、医疗补助与伤残援助。
dispute [d?Aspjut] n. 争议
It has been a matter of dispute but now scholars of the subject agree that Bessette and Kennedy first met in 1992, when he chatted her up one day in Central Park as she was running.
这个问题曾经众说纷纭，但现在“专家”们都同意碧瑟与小肯尼迪初识应在1992年，该年的某一天他在中央公园内向正在跑步的她搭讪。
emergency [?Am?d??ns?] n. 紧急事件 【同】crisis
President Kim Young Sam was worried. The Korean economy, he gravely told a July 2 emergency ministerial meeting, “is in trouble.”
韩国总统金泳三忧心忡忡。7月2日的内阁紧急会议上，他沉重地说道：韩国的经济“正处于困境”。
encounter [?nAka?nt?] n. 邂逅，遭遇
In fact, the most unnerving encounter I’ve ever had took place in the CompuServe adultchat area.
事实上，最让我心寒的遭遇发生在“电脑服务”网络上的成人聊天区。
unnerve v. 使沮丧，使胆怯
epidemic [??p?Ad?m?k] n.（传染病等的）流行，盛行
The AIDS epidemic has been in full swing for more than a decade now.
艾滋病已大肆流行了10年以上。
in full swing 表示事物正如火如荼进行
equivalent [?Akw?v?l?nt] n. 同等的东西
For the past 15 years, doctors have tried to treat the underlying disorder with the pharmaceutical equivalent of a sledgehammer, using anticancer drugs and steroids to beat down the body’s hyperactive defense forces.
15年来，医师一直用抗癌药和类固醇治疗这种潜在性疾病，这些药就像长柄大锤一样，用来打垮患者体内异常活跃的防御系统。
establishment [?Ast?bl??m?nt] n. 权势集团，领导阶层，主流
He was the favorite of the girls whose screams dominated the early Beatles concerts, but he was not a guy’s guy. No way could he satisfy the emerging establishment of rock critics, a male coterie.
在早期甲壳虫的演唱会里，他是最多小女生尖叫的对象，但男性观众并不这么欣赏他，他不可能获得正兴起的摇滚乐评人主流的青睐，因为这个领域是男人的天下。
coterie n. 排外的小圈子、集团，同circle
euphoria [juAf?r??] n. 幸福感 【同】elation
So after a period of euphoria, the bond market tumbled.
因此，经过一段繁荣期后，债券市场狂泻下来。
tumble v.（价格）暴跌
expedition [??ksp?Ad???n] n. 远征队，探险
So Mark Norell, a leader of the joint U.S. Mongolian expedition, gave him a consolation prize: digging out an unpromising specimen Norell had already found.
所以，美国与蒙古联合探险队的一位领队马克?诺瑞尔，给了他一个安慰奖：让他去挖一个诺瑞尔已经找到但是看来没什么价值的标本。
unpromising adj.（前景）不看好的，无望的
fantasy [Af?nt?s?] n. 幻想 【同】dream
What we could take away from the grievous events is a grasp not of the Unabomber’s psychology but of our own which is full fantasies.
从这些悲惨事件中我们可以汲取的，并不是要了解邮包炸弹制造者的心理，而是了解自己的心理，里面充满不实际的幻想。
grievous adj.（事故）悲惨的，严重的
feud [fjud] n. 宿仇 【同】vendetta
Still, in both communities there is a growing sense that the blood feud--- and its cycle of violence--- must be broken if anyone is to prosper.
但双方也越来越清楚，如果要繁荣，就必须突破彼此之间的血海深仇和暴力循环。
flair [fl?r] n. 天赋的才能 【同】talent  gift
Phil Donahue invented the participatory approach to TV talk, but Winfrey brought a woman-to-woman empathy and a flair for self-revelation that he couldn’t match.
唐纳修发明了有观众参与的电视脱口秀节目，但（另一主持人）温弗里把女人间感同身受的同情心带进节目，加上她善于自我表白，这是唐纳修比不上的。
foe [fo] n. 敌人，反对者 【同】enemy
Both speeches struck the same rhetorical chord: that Dole is no ditherer but decisive, muscular leader who will stand up to foreign foes.
这两个演说采用同一种修辞语调：多尔不是不知所措的人，而是果决、强硬的领袖，敢于对抗外敌。
rhetorical adj. 措辞的；ditherer n. 慌乱、不知所措的人
genre [A?nr?] n.（尤指艺术作品的）形式
Lanier embodies a whole new genre of music that uses computers to create and disseminate its own distinctive sounds.
拉尼尔运用电脑创造并发出独特的声音，表现出一种全新的音乐形式。
glance [l?ns] n&v. 瞥见
At first glance, Jeanne Vertefeuille might have seemed an unlikely choice to hunt down the most damaging mole in the history of the Central Intelligence Agency.
乍看之下，揪出这个中央情报局有史以来危害最大的双重间谍的工作，似乎不可能轮到韦特弗耶来做。
mole n. 长期潜伏的（双重）间谍
glimpse [l?mps] n&v. 瞥一眼，瞄一眼
Mosaic (Web-browsing program) was the first glimpse of a multimedia future that giants such as Microsoft had been predicting but not delivering.
“马赛克”（网络游览器）让人首度窥探到多媒体的未来世界，此前像微软这样的大公司已预料到这个未来世界，但未能实现。
deliver v. 实现，履行（诺言等）
grandeur [Ar?nd??] n. 伟大，富丽堂皇
We want to bring jazz to the people inn all its grandeur and glory. And we don’t believe the music is above people.
我们要把爵士乐的伟大与光荣带给大家，我们不相信它是曲高和寡。
grasp [r?sp] n. 掌握，了解 【同】understanding
Even after working for more than 20 years in the Russian area, I cannot hope to approach Yuri’s knowledge and intuitive grasp of what is going on in his homeland.
我在俄国工作已有20余年，但尤里对其祖国俄国现状的认识与直觉式的理解，却是我不敢指望的。
greed [rid] n. 贪婪 【同】avarice
Hollywood must examine itself. Its greed is sickening. It must judge the social impact, not just the popularity impact, of what it does.
好莱坞必须自我审视，它的贪婪越来越令人厌恶。好莱坞必须就其所作所为对社会所造成的冲击，而非是否受欢迎，作出判断。
impulse [A?mp?ls] n. 冲动
Online shopping centers are springing up everywhere, inviting customers to use their credit cards to buy on impulse, without even leaving their chairs.
网络购物中心正四处崛起，诱使顾客连起身离座都不必，就在一时冲动下杀信用卡购物。
to spring up突然出现，突然产生
incentive [?nAs?nt?v] n. 诱因，动机
The incentive to vote for a responsible budget that’s healthful in the long run but painful in the short run depends on whether you face election next year or in three years.
要促使某个议员投票赞成一项长期有益但短期有害的重大预算，得看他面临的是第二年还是三年后的改选。
inclination [??nkl?Ane??n] n. 倾向
But girls rarely seem to have either the chance or the inclination to get plugged in.
但女生似乎很少有玩电脑的机会或是愿望。
to plug in 插上插头，喻开启电脑
infrastructure [??nfr??str?kt??r] n. 水、电等基础设施
The bill for this infrastructure binge has topped $60 billion, and some economists wonder whether Malaysia can afford it.
这场基础设施的抢建热潮所需经费高达600亿美元，一些经济学家怀疑马来西亚政府是否承担得起。
binge n.（饮食，花费等方面的）放纵，没有节制
initiative [?An????t?v] n. 主动权，进取心
The North (Vietnam) kept the initiative, choosing when to attack and when to lie low and rebuilding its strength.
北越保有主动权，可以选择何时出击，何时潜藏，以恢复实力。
insight [A?n?sa?t] n. 洞察，了解
If this discovery is confirmed. it will surely be one of the most stunning insights into our universe that science has ever uncovered.
假如证明属实，这还无疑问将是科学史上对于了解宇宙最令人叹为观止的一项发现。
integrity [?nAt?r?t?] n. 廉洁，正直
Both prosecutors eventually paid for their integrity and grit. In May 1992 Falcone and his wife… were ambushed and morally wounded by the Mafia’s “men of honor” on a road near Palermo.
最后，两名检察官为其廉洁与勇气付出了代价。1992年5月，法尔科内及其妻子在快到巴勒莫的路上遭到了黑手党“替天行道者”的伏击而受重伤。
grit n.（口语）勇气，斗志；ambush v. 伏击
legend [Al?d??nd] n. 传奇人物
They are far too cool in Nashville to get excited about mere music legends.
美国田纳西州首府纳什维尔这批人很冷静，光是几个音乐界的传奇人物是无法激起他们的热情的。
mandate [Am?ndet] n. 委托，授权
Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto…also has a new electoral mandate as head of an internationalist coalition no longer dominated by ambivalent socialists.
首相桥本龙太郎也再度赢得选民的付托，出掌具有国际派色彩，且不再由立场矛盾的社会主义者所把持的联合内阁。
coalition n. 联合政府
measure [Am???] n.手段，措施 【同】step
There’s no single measure that’s fully adequate but a combination of measures taken together can make them relatively secure.
单靠一种措施是不够的，但是多种方法结合起来，可以使它们相对安全很多。
menace [Am?n?s] n. 威胁 【同】threat
Still worried about the pesticides’ impact on the environment, government scientists think they may have a better answer to the fire-ant menace.
官方科学家仍担心杀虫剂会破坏环境，认为或许还有更好的方法来对付这种火蚁的威胁。
merchandise [Am?t??n?da?z] n. 商品 【同】goods
That’s one reason why each restaurant is designed with a merchandise shop to tempt customers to buy such must-have souvenirs as jogging suits, $20 T shirts or baby baseball togs.
为什么每一家餐厅都设计了一间商品店，以引诱消费者买一些必不可少的纪念品，如慢跑服、20美元一件的T恤或是小孩的棒球衣，这是原因之一。
mess [m?s] n. 杂乱
Army Captain Stuart Herrubgtin… remembers that the scene inside the embassy also was a “monstrous mess.”
陆军上尉赫林顿想起那是大使馆内也是“一片混乱，惨不忍睹”。
monstrous adj.（用以加强语气）极度的，强烈的
monopoly [m?Anpl?] n. 专卖机构，独占事业；垄断
Although they welcomed the news that Mexico will sell off many of the state’s power plants, they had also hoped Zedillo would privatize parts of the country’s lucrative oil monopoly.
墨西哥将廉价出售许多国营电厂，他们对此大表欢迎，但他们也盼望总统萨迪略能将该国赚钱的垄断性石油公司予以部分民营化。
nomination [?nm?Ane??n] n. 提名
The most worrisome “oppose” for Gore is that Gephardt will oppose the Vice President for their party’s presidential nomination in 2000.
最让戈尔担心的“反对”就是杰哈特将与戈尔打对合，争取公元2000年民主党总统候选人的提名。
odds [dz] n. 可能性，几率 【同】chances
Odds are better than ever that high tech will get their jobs.
比起以往任何时期，高科技都更可能抢走他们的饭碗。
opponent [?Apon?nt] n. 反对者，对手 【反】supporter
Among the most extreme opponents, there were even paranoiac suggestions that once gone, the art might be hijacked and never returned.
某些反对最激烈的人甚至神经质地暗示，这些宝物一旦出境可能会被劫夺，再也会不来了。
paranoiac adj. 偏执狂的；hijack v. 劫持（飞机），劫夺（运输中的货物）
ordeal [A?rdil] n. 苦难，磨练
Laura B did not tell anyone about the assault because, she claims, she repressed all memory of the ordeal.
劳拉小姐没有把所遭受的攻击告诉别人，因为她声称她已把这桩惨痛的经历完全压抑在脑海深处。
repress v. 压抑（感情、欲望等）
passion [Ap???n] n. 激情，热情 【同】feeling
Paleontology is much like politics: passions run high, and it’s easy to draw very different conclusions from the same set of facts.
古生物学和政治很相像：情绪很激昂，而且从同一组事实中可以得出截然不同的结论。
peril [Ap?r?l] n. 危险
Climate change threatens more than megastorms, floods and droughts. The real peril may be disease.
气候改变带来的威胁还不止是巨大风暴、洪水和干旱，真正的危险可能是疾病。
persecution [?p?rs?'kju?n] n. 迫害
They must disappear by the change in sovereignty or face persecution.
他们必须在主权转移之前消失，否则就得面对迫害。
phase [fez] n. 阶段 【同】period
More significant is Clinton’s plan to take an enhanced role in transatlantic affairs in the next four years, a transitional moment in European history when the postwar structures are being tidied up and the next historic phase has yet to begin.
更重要的是，克林顿计划今后4年在大西洋两岸的事务中扮演更积极的角色，因为者4年正是欧洲历史上的一个过渡时期：正值欧洲战后结构的重整，而下个历史阶段尚未来临。
to tidy up 整顿，弄整齐
pledge [pl?d?] n. 承诺，保证 【同】promise
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin deemed the comment a violation of the (PLO) Chairman’s pledge to forgo violence and threatened to stop the peace process.
以色列总理拉宾认为，这段话违反了巴解主席放弃暴力的承诺，因而扬言要中止和平进程。
potential [p?At?n??l] n. 可能性 adj. 潜在的，可能的 【同】n. possibility
Netscape’s Navigator had the potential to be the next Windows: a method for launching programs and calling up information not only from the Internet but also from corporate networks and even from the user’s own PC.
网景的“领航员”有潜力成为下一个“视窗”：通过它，可以启动程序，可以自国际互联网、公司网络，甚至个人电脑中调出资讯。
priority [pra?A?r?t?] n. 首要之务，优先
China is a big second-term priority for Clinton because it cuts across security and economic issues…
对克林顿而言，中国是他第二任内的一个重点国家，因为它涉及安全和经济事务。
privilege [Apr?vl?d?] n. 特权
But Djilas’s criticism of the power and privilege granted to party leaders eventually led to years of imprisonment…
吉拉斯批评该党领导人所拥有的权利和特权，最终却导致数年牢狱生活。
grant v. 给予，授予
proliferation [pr??l?f??re???n] n. 扩散，繁殖 【同】spread
We have seen that the enemy is instability. It is chaos. But it is also what we call the global threats, which are terrorism, international drug trafficking, environmental problems, arms-proliferation issues.
我们已经明白不稳定才是敌人、混乱才是敌人，但还包括我们所说的全球威胁，例如恐怖主义、国际毒品走私、环境问题、武器扩散问题。
propaganda [?prp?A?nd?] n.（偏颇、不正确的官方）宣传
Today, a handful of business groups, each with political alliances, control Russia’s media, and news has once again become propaganda.
现在少数几家拥有政界盟友的企业集团控制了俄国的媒体，新闻再次成为宣传机器。
prosponent [pr?Apon?nt] n. 提议者，支持者 【同】advocate 【反】critic
Proponents imagine a morning someday in the next century when a smart car will pull out of the garage, drive down local roads in the conventional manner and head for the “smart way.”
倡议者想象在下个世纪的某天早上，将智慧车从车库里开出来，以传统的方式行驶过地方道路，朝着“智慧道路”驶去。
prospect [Aprsp?kt] n. 成功的几率，前景
But an eager start-up looks at risk differently, and so might consumers intrigued by the prospect of shopping in cyberspace.
但是迫不及待的新兴公司对风险有不同的看法，而被网际空间购物的前景所吸引的消费者可能也是如此看待。
start-up n. 刚成立的小公司
prosperity [prsAp?r?t?] n. 繁荣 【同】affluence
The peace and prosperity of the world in the next century depend in many ways on what Beijing does.
下一世纪的世界和平与繁荣，在许多方面都取决于北京的行为。
recession [r?As???n] n. 萧条，后退 【同】slump
A more outrageous example is the Ministry of Finance, which in the wake of five years of recession is widely considered too powerful for Japan’s own good.
更离谱的例子是大藏省，在连续5年经济不景气之后，人民普遍认为大藏省权力过大，对日本经济利益有害。
outrageous adj. 令人无法接受的，骇人听闻的；in the wake of 随着……之后
reign [ren] n&v. 统治，主宰 【同】rule
The (anti-apartheid) movement publicly condemned her in 1989 for inflicting a “reign of terror” on Soweto with her gang of bodyguards.
这个（反种族隔离）运动团体，于1989公开谴责她与她那帮贴身警卫在索韦托施行“恐慌统治”。
remains [r?Amenz] n. 遗迹，遗体
Tucked deep within the rock are what appear to be the chemical and fossil remains of microscopic organisms that lived on Mars 3.6 billion years ago.
深嵌在石块中间的，看起来像是36亿年前曾生存在火星上的微生物的化学残留和化石遗迹。
tuck v. 将……挤进，塞进
reputation [?r?pj?Ate??n] n. 名声
That approach will likely prove particularly profitable in Asia and Europe, where IBM has built a 50-year reputation as a system integrator.
这着棋在亚、欧两洲可能会带来特别的利润，IBM在这些地区已经以系统集成商的身份享誉50年。
reservation [?r?z?Ave??n] n. 保留地
The disease, which first appeared on a Navajo reservation, has since spread to 20 U.S. states and killed 45 people, nearly half of those infected.
这种疾病首先出现在某纳瓦霍印第安人保留地，后来扩散到美国20个州，导致45人丧生，死亡人数几乎占到感染人数的一半。
retail [Aritel] n. 零售
Some estimates place the overall movie tie-in business at $ 10 billion annually in retail sales worldwide.
有人估算全球零售的电影相关商品的收入每年约100亿美元。
tie-in n. 搭配销售的商品
revolt [r?Avolt] n. 叛乱，暴动 【同】insurrection  rebellion
Although much of the imperial collection amassed by China’s rulers has been lost, it is miraculous that so many landmark words have survived a thousand years of violent dynastic changes, revolts and theft.
中国历代帝王的收藏中，有很多已经遗失，但仍有很多划时代的重要作品，历经1000年来改朝换代的战争、叛乱以及偷盗，还能保存至今，真是奇迹。
amass v. 积聚；landmark n. 里程碑，划时代的重要事件
rival [Ara?vl] n. 竞争对手 v. 与……匹敌
Nonetheless, Malaysia is in some ways more insular than its Asian rivals.
尽管如此，马来西亚在某些方面要比其他亚洲竞争对手更具有岛民特性。
insular adj. 岛国性的，心胸狭隘的
sanction [As??k??n] n. 制裁，处罚
The bill would hold expression on the Net to the same standards of purity, using far harsher criminal sanction--- including jail terms--- to enforce them.
这个法案将对网络言论设定同样的净化标准，并采用更严厉的刑法（包括坐牢）来推行此项法律。
sanctuary [As??kt????r?] n. 避难所，庇护 【同】haven
In the capital Kigali, the Rwandan army shelled the national sports stadium, where more than 5000 refugees from the country’s civil war had sought sanctuary.
在首都基加利，卢旺达军炮轰了国家体育馆，里面有超过5000名因内战前来避难的难民。
scenario [s?An?r??o] n. 可能发生的情况
Nunn said, a handful of fanatics could crash a radio-controlled drone aircraft into the building, “engulfing it with chemical weapons and causing tremendous death and destruction.” This scenario, said Nunn, “is not far-fetched,” and the technology is all readily available.
努思说，有一小撮狂热分子可能操纵无线遥控飞机冲进这栋大楼，“使大楼完全为化学武器所吞没，造成极大的人员死亡与财务破坏。”努思说，这种假象情况“并非完全不可能发生”，而这种技术很容易就可取得。
to crash (a plane or car) into …使（飞机或汽车）猛撞上；drone n. 无线遥控的飞机或汽车；engulf v. 吞没，使陷入；far-fetched adj.（故事、想法）牵强的，靠不住的
scheme [skim] n. 计划，方案，阴谋 【同】plan
There are, however, as many variations on this latest get-rich-on-the-Internet scheme as there are firms that want to cash in on it.
然而，最近这“上国际互联网赚一票”的方案有许多不同的作法，就如同想利用它来赚钱的厂商一样多。
to cash in on …用……来赚钱
scorn [sk?rn] n. 轻蔑，鄙视 【同】contempt  disrespect
He heaps scorn on federal judges who have used the bench to enforce and expand civil rights, accusing them of a paternalistic belief in black inferiority.
他对那些利用法官职务坚持并扩大黑人民权的联邦法官非常鄙视，指控他们有一种家长式的自以为是的观念，认定黑人就是处于劣势（需要特别保护）。
bench n. 法官（职位）；paternalistic adj. 家长式统治或管理的，把员工或下属都当小孩一样看待而为他们做好一切安排的
scrutiny [Askrutn?] n. 仔细检查，注目
If that evidence stands up to the intense scientific scrutiny that is certain to follow, it will confirm for the first time that life is not unique to Earth.
如果这个证据能够通过，随后必定得面对的严格的科学检验，那将是首度确认生命并非地球所独有。
to stand up to（理论、东西）耐用，经得起……
stretch [str?t?] n. 一段时间，距离 【同】spell
But one of the effects of the unusual stretch of weather over the past 15 years has been to alert researchers to a new and perhaps even more immediate threat of the warming trend; the rapid spread of disease-bearing bugs and pests.
但过去15年间气候异常所产生的结果之一，是使研究人员警觉到气温上升趋势所带来的一个新的、也许是更立即的威胁，那就是带病原的昆虫和小动物快速蔓延。
strife [stra?f] n. 斗争，冲突 【同】conflict
From strife-torn Georgia comes Giya Kancheli, who may be the most important Soviet composer since Shostakovich.
从饱受战火折磨的格鲁吉亚共和国，出现了坎且利这样的人物，他可能是萧斯塔科维奇之后苏联最重要的作曲家。
tactic [At?kt?k] n. 战术，策略
Turning to the well-tested tactic of seeking a scapegoat, he (Yeltsin) fired Moscow police chief Vladimir Pankratov and city chief prosecutor Gennadi Ponomaryov for failing to “provide proper organization” to deal with “grave crimes.”
丢车保帅是屡试不爽的策略，叶利钦转而采取这项策略，以未能“设立适当组织”对付“严重犯罪”之名，免掉莫斯科警察局长潘克拉托夫与该市检察长波诺玛尤夫的职务。
scapegoat n. 代罪羔羊；grave adj.（事实，疾病）严重的
torture [At?rt??] n. 苦刑，折磨 【同】torment
Twenty minutes of relaxation and 20 minutes of torture. You never know what was next.
20分钟的舒缓之后，是2 0分钟的苦刑，你根本搞不清楚下一分钟会有什么遭遇。
transition [tr?nAz???n] n. 过渡（时期），转移
Making the transition to true no-hands smart roads… is an engineering challenge that will probably take another 20 years to complete.
要过渡到真正无人驾驶的智慧型道路，是工程上的一大挑战，可能要再花上20年才能完成。
turmoil [At?m??l] n. 骚乱，动乱
No one in authority in Washington or Tokyo will say publicly that current turmoil is likely to unhinge the 35-year-old U.S.-Japan security alliance, but week by week a sense of alarm is growing.
华盛顿和东京的权威人士无人愿意公开承认，目前的骚乱可能会使已有35年历史的美日安全同盟毁于一旦，但是恐慌之情与日俱增。
unhinge v. 使分离，拆卸
verdict [Av?d?kt] n. 判决
Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss was convicted of running a call-girl ring and faces up to six years in prison. Fleiss reacted to the verdict by throwing her head on the defense table.
好莱坞的弗里斯女士因经营应召女郎站被判有罪，将面对6年牢狱生活。聆听判决后，弗里斯将头猛然撞向被告席的桌上作为回应。
convict v. 判决（某人）有罪
version [Av???n] n. 版本
Indonesia’s government, which vigorously suppressed the newsmagazine Tempo, does not seem at all concerned that a digital version has appeared on the Net.
印尼政府曾经以铁腕镇压新闻性杂志《节拍》，可是该杂志的电子版已在网上露面，印尼政府对此却好像全部在意。
veteran [v?t?r?n] n. 老兵，老手
Consequently, Cuba’s national team is made up largely of hardened veterans, some of whom have played together for a decade.
所以，古巴国家代表队成员大多是身经百战的老手，其中有些人更是并肩打了10年球的队友。
wrath [r?θ] n. 愤怒
After U.S. soldiers prevented the mob from venting its wrath on several men suspected of throwing the bomb, the crowd turned on the warehouse itself.
民众欲将满腔的愤怒发泄在数名丢掷炸弹的嫌疑犯身上，但遭到美军阻止，于是将发泄对象转到仓库上面。
vent v. 发泄
yield [jild] n. 产量
The federal government has built a maze of greenhouses, labs and research facilities dedicated to spawning new high-yield varieties of bug-resistant wheat, potatoes, sunflowers and sugar beets.
联邦政府建起一系列温室、实验室与研究设施，错落如迷宫一般；这些设施是为了培植高产而且防虫害的小麦、马铃薯、向日葵、甜菜的新品种而建立的。

Chapter4 普通词 形容词、副词
acute (a.).1(感觉)强烈的，(事态)严重的；2(视觉 嗅觉等)敏锐的 同1.severe 2.keen
In the past, the(Mexican)ruling classes emphasized our acute differences with the Anglo－Saxons in order to affirm our separate identity.
过去(墨西哥)统治阶级刻意强调我们与盎格鲁一撒克逊人之间强烈不同之处。以确立我们本身与众不同的民族特性。
affable (a.)和蔼可亲的 同amicable
Indeed，Clinton was more than conciliatory when he met with Gingrich on Thursday and the new Speaker was affable in return.
的确，星期四克林顿与金里奇会面时显露十足和解之意，而金里奇这位新上任的众院议长，也投桃报李,友善相待。
affiliated (a.)(与某较大组织) 有紧密关系的，附属〔某较大组织〕的
Games’ sponsor Visa International and three affiliated banks are using Atlanta as a beachhead for the introduction to the U.S. of smart cards an electronic substitute for cash.
奥运赞助商维萨卡国际机构与3家合作银行，正利用亚待兰大作为在美国发行智能卡的立足点，以电子货币替代现金交易。
?beachhead(n.)滩头阵地，立足点
aggressive (a.)富有略性的，挑衅的同belligerent
Says farmer Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger：”Their whole foreign policy has turned suddenly much more aggressive，and that bodes no good for the nature of any people.”
前国防部长温伯格说：” 他们的外交政策突然整个变得更富侵略性，这对任何民族天性来说都不会有好结果。 “
allegedly (adv.)据称，据说， (证据不足的情况下) 遭指控地
Hard Rock creator Peter Morton sued Earl for allegedly purloining Hard Rock business plans. The issue was settled without a trial.
硬石餐厅的创办人彼得?摩顿控告厄尔，称其偷取硬石的营业计划。这件案子已在庭外和解。
?purloin (v.)偷
aloft (adv.)在高处，在空中
The bronze sculpture depict a man holding a pipe aloft as an offering to the Great Spirit.
这件铜雕表现一个将烟斗高高直举起，以供奉“大神“〔北美某些印第安部落崇拜的神抵〕的男子。
alternate (a.)交替的，替代的
The opposition says the government should concentrate on alternate energy sources and restrict the growth of industries like petrochemicals that consume a lot of energy.
反对党说政府应专注于开发替代能源土，并且应该限制消耗大量能源的工业如石化业之增长。
ambivalent(a.)感觉矛盾的
Gates is ambivalent about his celebrity.
对于自己声名大噪，盖茨的感情是矛盾的
assorted(a.)各式各样的同various
His personal arsenal，including a Czech machine gun and assorted pistols，shotguns and Rifles, was stashed in the trunk of his car.
他个人的式器，包括一支捷克制机枪 各式各样的手枪 猎枪 步枪，全藏在车子的行李厢里。
?arsenal(n.)储藏的武器stash (v.)藏放
audacious(a.)大胆的同daring
Last year，after months of deliberation，Collins left his faculty post at the University of Michigan Medical School to lead the Human Genome Project，an audacious effort to decipher the complete genetic script contained inhuman cells.
去年，科林斯经数月的考虑.决定辞掉在密歇根大学医学院的职务，前往主持人类基因组工程，这是一项大胆的工程，其宗旨是解读出人类细胞中的全部遗传信息。
?decipher(v.)译解(密码)
austere (a.)(人)严肃的，(东西 生活)朴实的
The Puppet master(1993)and last year's Good Men Good Women，with their austere poignancies，played all the best festivals，though they remain a coterie taste.
《戏梦人生》与去年的《好男好女》，以朴素而尖锐的风格打进各大影展，然而这些影片仍只有少数内行人能欣赏。
?poignancy (n)尖锐，深刻Coterie ( n.)(具排他性的)小圈圈，集团.
avant-garde(a.)前卫的
Kosuke Tsumura，another Miyake student，launched his K-Zelle line in 1992 and two years later debuted in Paris with avant-garde Mad Max costume.
三宅一生另一个徒弟津村小介于1992年推出了K-Zelle系列，两年后首次在巴黎推出前卫的《冲锋飞车队》服装展。
benevolent (a.)仁慈的
Ruthless company-downsizing drives and continued layoffs，coupled with rising pay for top managers，have made their bosses look a good deal less benevolent.
无情的公司缩编举措,不断的解雇员工，加上付给高层经理人员的薪资节节上涨，使得他们的老板看起来不再那么慈祥。
?layoff (n.)解雇；a goad deal 常，极其
bewildered (a.)迷惑的，张惶失措的同perplexed
One thing that has observers bewildered is how the White House， could have put forward Foster’s nomination without getting the abortion issue squared away in advance.
令观察家莫名其妙一点是，白宫敢提名福斯特，却不事先解决堕胎议题。
?to square away把(难题)处理掉;摆平(以放手进行其他事)
bizarre (a.)怪异的同weird
Floods.Droughts.Hurricane.Twisters.Are all the bizarre weather extremes we’ve been having lately normal fluctuations in the planet's atmospheric systems？
洪水.干旱，飓风，龙卷风。究竟这些近来我们看到的怪异气候极端现象是不是地球大气系统的正常变化？
?extremes (n.)(行为 情报上的)极端；fluctuation (n.)(气候 市价等的)变动
blatant(a.)大刺刺的，极明显的，公然的
What the network didn’t know--and didn’t bother to find out --was that Jammal was a hoaxer and that large segments of its program were based on blatant and ludicrous pseudoscience.
该电视台所不知道的 也未曾特意去探究的，就是詹玛尔是个骗子，而且该电视台的节目大部分都是根据明显的,可笑的伪科学来制作的。
blue-chip (a.)(在同行业中)最获利的，最赚钱的
Such entreaties(to safeguard the patents of manufacturers) have become essential for Americans blue-chip companies as they charge into the vast markets of China and its East Asian neighbors.
恳求保护其产品专利权，已经成为美国绩优公司挺进中国及其东亚邻国广大市场时，必然要做的事。
?entreaty (r.)恳求，乞求，Charge (v.)冲锋，向前冲
capricious (a.)1(性情)善变的，反复无常的；2(事物)变化无常的同impulsive mercurial同unpredictable反dependable
Earthquakes…are capricious beasts ruled by what physicists refer to as nonlinear dynamics，which means precise forecasting of when and where they will occur is impossible.
地震是变化莫测的凶残杀手，受物理学家所谓的非线性力学的支配，这表示要精确预测地震将于何时何地发生是不可能为事。
?nonlinear(a.)非线性的
chronic (a.).1(疾病)慢性的；2(行为 恶习)习以为常的，积习成癖的同persistent同habitual
Psychiatrists stress，however，that a few injections of medication and some sessions with a psychotherapist are just the beginning. Pedophilia is a chronic disorder.
然而心理学家强调，药物注射及与心理治疗师交谈不过是个开始，因为恋童癖是种慢性病。
?pedophilia(n)恋童癖
compatible (a.)相容的，兼容的  反incompatible
No one except Microsoft executives disputes the fact that Microsoft is，in fact，a monopoly at least in IBM-compatible computer-operating systems. Some 8 out of 10 desktop computers run the Microsoft software.
事实上，微软公司至少垄断了与IBM兼容的电脑操作系统，这一点除了微软的各主管，没人会有异议。10台台式电脑中约有8台是用微软的软件在操作
?dispute〔v.)(对事实等)怀疑.持异议
compelling (a.)极吸引人的，令人无法抗拒的
Winfrey，42,had a troubled childhood，but her genius was to realize that those troubles and similar ones experienced by ordinary people all over America -- could make for compelling television.
42岁的温弗里童年并不愉快，但是她的天分在于能意识到她的问题，以及全美普通百姓面临的类似问题，都可以成为精彩感人的电视题材。
complacent (a.)自满的
That does not mean that the people of Kwangju are growing complacent or law enforcement agencies less vigilant.
这并不代表光州人民已志得意满，也不代表执法当局放松了警戒心。
?vigilant (a.)提防的，带戒心的
confidential(a.)机密的反public
Although labeled “privileged and confidential，”copies of the telephone survey are mysteriously ending up in the hands of reporters and environmentalists in both Alabama and Missouri.
这份电话问卷的副本虽己注明”仅供特定人士观看，机密”，但神不知鬼不觉，最后仍落入亚拉巴马与密苏里两州的记者与环保人士手中。
?Privileged( a.)仅供少数人知道的，机密的;to end up.最后变成
congenial (a.)(人)意气相投的；(环境)令人愉快的同agreeable
If we really mean to lead，and to bring about a world more or less congenial to us，we should stop pretending that we can do the job on the cheap and by remote control.
如果我们〔美国)真有意领导世界，并使世界变得多少令人顺眼一些，那就不要再欺骗自己说这件工作不必花大钱,远远地发号施令就可以做到。
Consistent(a.)前后一致的
TIME--CNN polls have shown a consistent majority of voters---56％ VS.34％in last week's survey favoring creation of a full-fledged new party.
对于成立另一个正式政党，TIME与CNN合作的多项民意调查一致显示有过半数选民同意，如上周的调查即是56％鲜赞成, 34％反对。
Conspicuous (a.)显著的 反inconspicuous
But the White House sees any conspicuous effort to placate Jackson as dangerous to its efforts to win back disaffected white moderates.
但白宫认为任柯大张旗鼓安抚杰克逊的举措，都不利于白宫挽那些对政府不满的温和派白人的心。
?placate(v.)安抚;disaffected (a.)(对政府等)不满的
Consummate (a.)造诣极高的，技艺精湛的
But he did have a consummate technical command of his instrument which…gives his performances an irresistible strut and swagger.
但他的弹奏技巧的确非常高明，使他的演出显得神气活现，盛气凌人，令人无法抗拒。
?strut (n.)神气活现，昂首阔步；swagger (v.)大摇大.摆地走
daunting(a.)令人畏惧的同Intimidating
The Rosens instead plan to blow away the field in part because Harold and his team of engineers have solved a set of daunting technological issues just in the past year.
但罗森斯打算扫平群雄，独占鳌头，部分原因是哈罗德和他的工程小组在过去一年里，已解决了许多棘手的技木问题。
?To blow away (尤指运动场上)彻底打败(敌人)； the field指某比赛中所有的竟争对手
eclectic (a.)兼容并蓄的，兼采各种不同观点或方法的同diverse
Adams eclectic，pop-oriented music…is a radical departure from the expansive minimalism that marked his earlier stage works.
先前亚当斯的舞台音乐，以全面的简约主义为特色，如今他的作品博采各种风格，走流行音乐取向，代表对先前风格的彻底背弃。
eligible (a.)合格的
He may not be eligible because of a failure to make himself available for Davis Cup play in recent years.
他的资格可能会有问题.因为他近来一直未参加戴维斯杯赛。
enigmatic (a.)谜一般难解的
The last Stalinist’s (Kim II Sung)sudden demise leaves his realm more enigmatic than ever.
最后一位斯大林主义者金日成的猝逝，使他的国家变得更难以捉摸。
epic (a.)雄浑的，大规模的
After an infernal global odyssey and an epic chase by U.S.intelligence agencies，the mastermind of the Trade Center bombing is captured in Pakistan.
美国情报人员历经又气又恼的全球奔波和大规模追缉后，终于在巴基斯坦逮到世界贸易中心爆炸案的主谋。
?infernal (a.)令人恼怒的odyssey ( n.)长期的冒险旅.行
exuberant(a.)兴奋难抑的同lively
“We think，” says an exuberant Larry Gilbert Cyber Cash’ s vice president and general manager, it’s going to be the core of electronic commerce on the Internet.
电子货币公司的副总裁兼总经理赖瑞?吉尔伯特兴奋难抑地说： 我们认为，这将成为国际互联网电子交易的核心。
exultant (a.)雀跃的，欣喜若狂的同delighted
For the men and women who fought and won the war in Europe，V-E. day meant the exultant，resounding vindication of good against evil.
对第二次世界大战期间参加过欧战并取胜的男男女女而言，德国投降日是对邪不压正的一项令人雀跃的伟大证明。
注:resounding (a.)轰动的，极大的(成功)vindication.(n.)证明
fanatic (a.)狂热的(n.)狂热分子 同(a.)fanatical同(n.)extremist
The two fanatic Puerto Rican nationalists who tried to assassinate Harry Truman in 1950 attacked him when he was living across，the street in Blair House while the White House was being renovated.
这两名狂热的波多黎各民族主义分子，于1950年试图暗杀杜鲁门。当他们攻击杜鲁门时，因白宫正在翻修，杜鲁门住在白宫对面的布莱尔旅馆。
feasible (a.)可行的，行得通的同practicable
Reading to children is easy，affordable and feasible for parents no matter what their level of education or economic station in life.
不管父母的教育水准 经济地位是高是低，念书给孩子听都是容易 负担得起且可行的事。
feeble (a.) 1性格软弱的，不敢采取强势作为的；2.虚弱的，脆弱的同ineffectual
Soldiers will vote in the next presidential election for a leader who will protest more vigorously the feeble overall reforms of the present government….
下次总统选举时军人支持的候选人，将是敢更大声反对现政府软弱的整体政策改革的领导者。
fervent (a.)热烈的，强烈的同ardent
The Sony Playstation has acquired a fervent following.
索尼公司的”游戏站”游戏机推出后获得强烈的响。
forthcoming (a.)即将来到的
Whether more money will be forthcoming is an open question.
是否会有更多经费尚未确定。
fractious(a.)倔强的，难驾驭的
Italy’s embattled Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi reigned on Dec.22 after serving just seven fractious months.
坐困愁城的意大利总理贝鲁斯科尼，上任已7个月，却一直无法顺利施政.因而在12月22日辞职。
?embattled (a.)陷入困境的
frantic (a.)万火急的，着急的
At time when American businesses are frantic to set up shop on the computer networks those networks and the telecommunications systems that carry their traffic are turning out to be terminally insecure.
当美国商界拼命在电脑网络上设立站点之际，赖以传送他们产品讯息的网络和电传系统却日益显得极端不安全。
?terminally(adv.)末期
full-fledged (v.)经过充分训练的，发展成熟的；正.式的，完全合格的
Brown dwarfs are not quite big hot enough to ignites the nuclear- fusion reaction that would make them shine as full-fledged stars.
棕矮星的体积还不够大，热度也不够高，还不足以引发核聚变反应；棕矮星必须经过此一反应才会发光，成为成熟的星星。
furious (a.)(速度 活动)激烈的，用力的；愤怒的
There was Australian sculptor Henry R Pearce who rested his oars during an Olympic heat in Amsterdam in 1928 to let a family of ducks paddle across his path then picked up the stroke at furious pace and won by 20lengths…
澳大利亚的轻艇选手伯尔斯在年阿姆斯特丹奥运会的一场预赛中停下了桨，让一家子鸭子游过他的航道.然后拾起桨拼命划，最后以个船身长的差距赢得比赛。
genetic (a. )遗传上的
In fact the diversity among individuals is so enormous that the whole concept of race becomes meaningless at the genetic level.
事实上人与人之间差异极大，就遗传的层面来讲，种族这一概括性的涵义也就变得毫无意义。
giddy (a.)(速度 高度)令人头昏眼花的；非常快乐的.异常兴奋的
Clark and Andreessen find themselves riding the decade's giddiest economic bubble counting their stock options and cutting deals with everyone from telephone companies to Hollywood.
克拉克与安德里森发现自己正享受着90年代最快速的经济增长，一面算着自己的优先认股权，一面谈着生意，从电话公司到好莱坞，都是生意对象。
?stock option优先认股权，通常指企业给予内部高级.主管的一项特别权利.让他们可以在特定期间内用.特别优惠的价格购买该公司的股票或债券。
gorgeous(a.)很美的同beautiful
The decline in estrogen often coincides with many life changes. Your children grow up and move away You don’t look as gorgeous as you used to，and your husband leaves you for a younger woman.
雌激素的减少，往往伴随着许多生活土的变化：孩子长大，搬出去了；你不再年轻貌美，丈夫弃你而去，投向年轻女子的怀抱。
heady (a.) 令人兴奋的，飘飘然的，心花怒放的
In the heady days after Netscape’s ballistic initial public offering in August last year the stock shot from＄27 to＄71 during its first day of trading---Barksdale preached humility the company's cramped halls.
去年8月网景股票公开上市后，股票迅速增值，在第一个交易日就从27美元跳升至71美元，在那段飘飘然的日子里，巴斯迪尔在公司狭窄的大厅里谆谆教导公司员工要谦虚一点。
?public offering(证券)公开发行；shoot (v.)(价格)暴涨;preach(v.)倡导，鼓吹(理念 善行)cramped (a.)(空间)狭小的
illiterate(a.)不识字的
The Chinese in Singapore were the descendants of illiterate，landless，peasants from Guangdong and Fujian.
新加坡的中国人都是来自广东和福建的目不识丁 无田无地约贫苦农民的后裔。
 incessant (a.)不停的，不断的同 constant 反intermittent
Off-screen，the couple’s marriage was marred by Amaz’s drinking, gambling and incessant philandering.
在实际生活中，这对明星夫妻的婚姻却毁在阿玛兹酗酒,赌博与风流韵事不断上。
?off screen (adv.)(影视明星)实际生活上；mar(v)..破坏，糟蹋：philandering (n.)玩弄女人，拈花惹草
incumbent(a.)现职的
Ronald Reagan crushed Jimmy Carter in 1980 in part because the incumbent Carter had been flummoxed by tine taking of American hostages in Iran.
里根之所以能在年击败卡特当选总统，部分是因为美国人被伊朗挟持为人质的事件，让在职的卡特总统不知所措。
?flummox (v.)使惊慌失措
indignant(a.)愤愤不平的
It drew nearly 800 letters from readers (many predictably indignant)，the fourth largest mail response to any story this year.
这篇报道引来近800封读者来函(其中有许多可想而知是非常愤慨)，是本杂志今年激起读者来函第四多的一项报道。
inherent (a.)固有的，天生的同intrinsic
Says Cardinal Edward Clancy，head of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia：” With the introduction of the principle inherent in euthanasia our society as we know it begins immediately to unravel.”
澳大利亚天主教领袖 红衣主教克兰西说：”随着安乐死这种行为里固有原则的引进，我们所熟悉的社会立即开始瓦解。”
initial (a.)首度的，最初的，开始的
Clouds and dust from the(cornet’ s)initial impact and gases from subsequent volcanoes could have spread around the globe，blocking sunlight and altering the climate killing off the dinosaurs.
(彗星的)第一击所产生的烟云和灰尘，以及随后火山喷出的气体，可能布满整个地球，遮天蔽日，改变气候，使恐龙死亡。
?block (v.)阻碍
 integral (a.)必需的，不可或缺的同basic..同fundamental
When people understand that being gay or lesbian is an integral characteristic，they are more open-minded about equality for gay Americans.
当人们知道男同性恋或女同性恋倾向是人类不可或缺的心理特质后，对于美国同性恋者的平等权就更能坦然面对。
intricate(a.)复杂的反simple
A touch of paranoia is not a bad thing to bring to the computer-software business，where shifting alliances，rapid technological charges and intricate co-dependencies make plotting long-term strategies hazardous.
踏入电脑软件这个行业，带点妄想并不是件坏事，因为在这个行业里，业者间分分合合，科技日新月异，互依的关系错综复杂，制定长期发展策略反倒危险。
?a touch of些许，微量;hazardous (a.)危险的，同dangerous
invalid(a.)无效的，作废的
If it is prove that the President―elect’s campaign received drug-trafficking money，he should resign because his mandate would he invalid.
如果证实总统竞选活动曾收受毒品走私所获得的金钱，那么当选总统就该辞职下台，因为选举授子他的权力将属无效。
invariably (adv. ) 必定地，不变地
Known as one of the best golfers in Taiwan’s officialdom，Lee Deng-hui can break 80 on a good day. His drives off the tee are almost invariably long and true.
李登辉被认为是台湾官场最高明的高尔夫球手之一，状况好时能打出低于80杆的成绩。他从球座上挥出的长打几乎都是既远又准。
lavish(a.)铺张的，奢华的同extravagant
The lavish dinner that, chef John Folse prepared for a private party of Procter & Gamble executives tasted rich enough to make a cardiologist apoplectic.
大厨福尔斯为宝洁公司高级主管的私人聚会所准备的奢华晚餐，丰盛的程度足以让心脏血管专家脑中风。
?apoplectic (a.)中风的
lethal(a.)致命的
Too often they have found the one-drug approach allows a few malignant cells to survive and blossom into an even more lethal tumor.
他们发现单一药物的治疗方式往往会使一些癌细胞存活下来，并且演变成更要命的肿瘤。
?malignant (a.)恶性的，癌的
lucrative(a.)可获利的，赚钱的
With concert fees reportedly in the＄40,000，plus range the show seem a lucrative proposition.
据说每场音乐会的酬劳超过4万美金，所以这表演看来是笔赚钱生意。
?proposition (n.)(拟议中或正在兴办的)事业，生意ludicrous (a.)可笑的，滑稽的.同ridiculous
The surgeon denounces that allegation as ludicrous.
这名外科医生痛斥那项指控，指其为荒诞滑稽。
?allegation (n.)法律用语，(尤指有待证实的)指控
malicious (a.)怀恶意的，居心不良的
Earlier in the week Nichols was charged with “malicious damage” to the Alfred P. Murray Federal Building.
本周早些时候尼古拉遭人指控罪名是”蓄意破坏”穆拉联邦大楼。
mock  (a.)煞有其事的，假装的
Clinton, he reported with a tone of mock confidence, was at a prayer breakfast across town with religions leaders.
他装出很肯定的语气报道说，克林顿就在对面城镇与宗教领袖举行祈祷早餐会。
(a.)模拟的，演习的
The Pentagon revealed that three weeks ago Army Rangers and Navy Seals had conducted practice runs for an invasion of Haiti：Staging a mock attack on an isolated airfield at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida.
美国国防部透露,周前陆军突击部队和海军“海豹” 特种部队已针对入侵海地进行了数场演习，也就是在佛罗里达的埃格林空军基地对一孤立无援的机场进行模拟攻击。
mundane (a.)世俗的，平凡的
(Film critic)Libby’s columns serve as a continuing account of her amusingly mundane life and the peripheral role that movies play in it.
影评家利比的专栏文章，是在不断描写自己那平凡而快意的生活，以及电影在她生活中所扮演的次要角色。
?peripheral(a.)周边的 次要的
optional(a.)可选择的，非强制的反mandatory 反compulsory
China is not Haiti or Bosnia places where America’s involvement may be desirable but is ultimately optional. China is not optional.
中国不是海地，也不是波斯尼亚。美国介入那两个国家，或许不是赔本生意，但要不要介入终究可自主决定；要不要介入中国事务，则不是美国能选择的。
perennial (a.)长期持续的 同constant.同continual
As she did in her perennial best seller，…Tanner argues that the sexes baffle and bewilder each other, not because they have vastly different psychological makeups，but because they have distinct conversational styles，
正如坦纳在其历久不衰的畅销书中所述，她坚称男女两性会对对方感到迷惘，捉摸不透，并非因为双方在心理特性上有极大的差异，而是因为截然不同的对话风格。
?baffle (v.)使困惑，使张惶失措make-up (n-)特质，.性格
placid(a.)平静的同tranquil
The flooding provoked the largest evacuation ever mobilized in the Netherlands：250,000people were forced to flee their homes in Limburg and Gelderland, two placid southern provinces of willows and windmills.
这洪水造成荷兰有史以来最大规模的疏散行动，万人被迫逃离位于林堡和盖德兰的家园；这是南部两个恬静的省份，四处可见杨柳和风车……
?evacuation (n.)撤出，疏散flee ( v.)逃出
poised (a.)准备好做…… 同 all set
China its treasury bursting with foreign reserves and its stock markets surging，is poised for stable growth.
中国的国库外汇充盈，股市畅旺，已经具备稳定发展的条件。
?to burst with充满
precarious(a.)岌岌可危的同uncertain同unstable 反stable反secure
We are in a very precarious position because investors’ confidence is disconnected from any hard-hitting analysis of what is underlying the economy.
我们正处在非常危险的状态中，因为对深层经济因素的坦率分析已将投资者的信心搞得支离破碎。
?hard-hitting (a.)(对难题或争议)大胆直言的
predominant (a.)主要的
In the two small Central African nations of Rwanda and Burundi where politics is still dominated by the ancient rivalry between the predominant Hutu and minority Tutsi tribes pure tribal enmity was behind the bloodshed.
位于中非的两个小国卢旺达 布隆迪，其政治仍为居优势的胡图族和居少数的图西族间的世仇对立所左右，这次的流血事件背后纯粹是种族仇恨在作祟。
?enmity(n.)敌意，对立
Prestigious(a.)有名望的
Privileged and smart，he had been accepted by the prestigious All-India School of Medical Sciences at 17.
条件优越再加上聪明，他岁就得以进入极负盛名的全印度医科大学。
?privileged (a.)(因有钱或居上流阶层而)比别人占优势的
presumably(adv.)据推测，大概
The government also unveiled an emergency plan to lower the yen by, among other things spending more on public works which would presumably stimulate the economy and thus perk up demand for imports.
政府也宣布了一项紧急应变计划，以让日元贬值，其中最重要的措施就是提高公共支出，此举大概可刺激经济，进而增加对进的需求。
?to perk up使……振作
prone (a.)倾向于，易于
The tactic is only moderately effective and has side effects that can be as bad as the disease itself，leaving patients drained of energy and prone to sores and other infections.
这种方法疗效平平，所产生的副作用可能和疾病本身一样严重，耗尽患者的精力，让患者容易产生疼痛，受到其他感染。
quaint (a.) 因样式古老 罕见而吸引人的
When a trend went out of style，we used to be forgiving of it and think it was quaint…
当流行不再流行，我们总是宽大为怀，认为它还饶富古趣。
rampant(a.)猖獗的
They said that tax evasion is rampant that the yakuza，Japan’s mafia，has its hooks in the sport；and most stingingly，that many of the matches are fixed.
他们指出逃漏税相当猖獗，日本的黑社会也插上一脚；最尖锐的指控是许多场比赛在赛前已确定胜负。
?stingingly (adv.)(言词)刺伤人的，尖刻的;fix(v.)以不正当手段操纵(比赛 选举等)
rash (a.) 鲁莽的
Many of the rash killings are truly senseless. Last week a 14-year-old Brooklyn girl was charged with stabbing her 13-year-old boyfriend to death simply because he wanted to break up with her.
冲动下的杀人行为，有许多真的是毫无道理可言。上星期布鲁克林区一名14岁女孩，被控刺死其13岁的男友，起因只是男友想和她分手。
?senseless (a.)无意义的，非理性的；stab(v.)刺捅
requisite (a.)必需的，不可或缺的同required
TIME has picked 50 with the requisite ambition, vision and community spirit to help guide us in the new millennium.
《时代》杂志挑出了50人，作为我们在下一个1000年处事的榜样，他们都具备了不可或缺的雄心,远见和关怀社会的精神。
resurgent(a.)复活的，复苏的
The President’s Russia policy, he charged, was based not on recognition of Moscow’s threatening, resurgent nationalism but on misguided romanticism.
他指责总统的俄国政策不是建立在对莫斯科已复苏且具威胁性的民族主义的了解之上，而是建立在错误的浪漫主义上。
robust (a.)健康的，强健的
Last week an Atlanta fertility clinic announced that the woman had given birth to two robustly healthy boys.
上星期，亚特兰大一家不孕症诊所宣布，这名妇女已产下两名强壮健康的男婴
?fertility (n.)繁殖力
sentimental (a.)多愁善感的
Americans have sometimes sought a kind of moral cleansing in children's adventures. It is part of an American theology of redemption by kids--a sentimental reassertion of the nation’s conception of its own innocence.
美国人有时想借着孩童的冒险旅程，来寻求道德的涤清，这个习惯源于美国人深信儿童可以带来救赎――这是一种温情主义式的重申，强调美国人纯真一如孩童。
?theology(n.)(某一种)神学理论；reassertion (n.) (宗教)救赎；.reassertion(意见 观念)再次被提出，重申 redemption (n.)赎回, 偿还, 拯救, 履行
sheer (a.)完全的
It’s true that farmers there will suffer as protective trade barriers fall. But a deeper source of their discontent is sheer, longstanding poverty.
的确，一旦废掉保护性的贸易壁垒，那里农民的日子将会难过，但农民心中更多的不满，来自长久以来未曾改善的赤贫处境。
simmering (a.)(争吵 暴力)即将爆发的
A major pact was signed by the two leaders(of China and Russia)and the Presidents of Kazakhstan，Kyrgyastan and Tajikistan to quell long simmering disputes along Russia’s southern border.
中俄领导和哈萨克斯坦,吉尔吉斯斯坦与塔吉克斯坦三共和国总统签署了一项重要协定，以解决俄罗斯南疆长久以来一直不甚平静的边界争端.
simplistic (a.)过分单纯化的
His lack of leadership allowed the reform forces to fragment and be swamped by such simplistic nationalists as Vladimir Zhirinovsky.
由于他领导无方，导致改革阵营分崩离析，并被日里诺夫斯基这种总把事情看得太简单的民族主义分子搞得晕头转向。
?fragment(v.)分裂，破碎；.to be swamped by.--(麻烦 物件等)大量涌至，应付.不来的
simultaneously (adv.)同时地
A couple of mathematical models…suggested that HIV would have a hard time simultaneously undergoing the minimum three mutations necessary to resist combination therapy.
根据几组数学模型，艾滋病毒要同时发生最少三种突变才能对抗混合治疗法，但要发生这样的突变并不容易。
snap (a.)仓促的，突然的
Snap decision making…is a survival skill if you are a hunter.
当机立断是猎人的一项求生技能。
speculative (a.)投机的，热衷于投机买卖的
American investors pour speculative money into Mexico then snatch it back when times grow hard and Mexico needs it most.
美国投资者抱着投机的心态投资墨西哥，然而一旦形势变坏，墨西哥急需资金时，却突然撤回。
?snatch (v.)攫取，抢走
sporadic ( a.)零星的，时有时无的反continuous
Once inside Grozny，Zarakhovich was struck by the large number of armed citizens，many of whom were making sporadic checks of entering cars.
一进格罗兹尼市，札拉克维奇就被大批的武装市民给吓了一跳，其中许多市民正在有一搭无一搭地拦检进城车辆。
sprawling(a.)蔓延的，广大的
Chen and Zhang have both said they can not imagine shooting films outside their sprawling homeland.
陈凯歌与张艺谋都说无法想象不在自己幅员辽阔的祖国拍片。
stationary (a.)静止的，固定的
Agriculture boasts its kudzu, the miracle vine promoted as a soil protector in the American Southeast and now despised as an unstoppable weed，able，as Tenner reports to overwhelm almost any stationary object.
“葛”素有”魔藤”之称，在美国东南部曾被奉为土壤保护者而大率推广，现却被贬为除不掉的杂草；农业人士夸，他们所引进的葛，依照特纳的说法，几乎可以爬满所有静止的物体。
stringent (a.)严格的..同rigorous
The House approved and sent to the Senate for its expected approval a stringent ban on gifts from lobbyists.
众议院通过了一项针对游说者的赠礼所制定的严格禁令，并已送往参院审认，可望也会通过。
sublime(a.)卓越的，出色的同heavenly
By the final shot，of a sublime Beauty and her transformed Beast borne magically aloft and soaring through the clouds，the audience is as enchanted as the characters.
在这部影片的最后一段，一名出色的美女和她那位已经弃恶从善的野兽，神奇地被高高举起，向上高飞，冲破云霄，这时观众就像剧中的角色一样也着了迷。
?enchanted(a.)陶醉的，着迷的
subsequent (a.)后来的反prior
She spent her first eight years in what is now Slovakia，and after her parents’ divorce and her mother Melanie’s subsequent marriage to a Swiss computer executive，she moved to Trubbach，Switzerland.
8岁以前她都生活在现在的斯洛伐克共和国，在父母离异及母亲米兰妮再嫁给一名瑞士电脑公司主管之后，她搬到瑞士的杜鲁巴赫。
tantalizing(a.)令人迫不及待的，吊胃口的
It is a tantalizing but daunting target.
这个目标让人既期待又害怕。
tedious (a.)冗长而乏味的同boring
To do this，the scientists will have to track the locations of hundreds of aftershocks，a lengthy and tedious process.
要这么做，就表示科学家必须查出数百次余震的发生位置，而这过程将是冗长而乏味的。
tentative (a.)初步的，未完全定案的 同uncertain反firm
Still it’s easy to understand the tentative sense of hope and excitement that has spread across the AIDS community in the months since the Vancouver conference. Ho’ s speech provided the first concrete evidence that HIV is not insurmountable.
尽管如此，温哥华会议之后几个月里，艾滋病学界一时间弥漫着希望与激动，这种感情是不难理解的。因为何大一的演讲首次提供了明确的证据，让明艾滋病毒并非不可攻克。
?insurmountable(n.) (障碍)不能克服的
thrilling(a.)令人兴奋的，刺激的同exciting
Susan McCray…struggles daily to convince her students that learning can be thrilling for its own sake as well as a ticket to a better life.
麦克瑞每天都在努力让学生相信，学习不仅是获得更美满生活的手段，其本身也足以令人入迷。
trivial(a.)微不足道的同insignificant
There is no evidence of criminality in Whitewater--but that doesn't mean it's trivial.
白水案并未发现任何犯罪证据，但这并不表示此案无关紧要。
tumultuous(a.)骚乱的
Later the Kennedys visited France and the welcome was tumultuous.
接着肯尼迪夫妇访问了法国，欢迎的场面有些混乱。
turbulent (a.)动荡不安的
In a turbulent world，peace，law and some degree of order will have to be established before the human race can begin seriously to tackle the great problems and opportunities of the next century.
在一个动荡不安的世界上，人类必须先建立和平,法律和某种程度的秩序，才能开始认真对待下一世纪的重大问题和机会。
?tackle (v.)解决.处理
untapped (a.)未被开发的反exploited
On the contrary this is an age of uncommonly universal productivity in which the spread of education, affluence and the means to communicate has released untapped mental powers in every corner of the planet.
相反的，这是个生产力全面爆发的不寻常时代，因为教育,财富与传播工具的普及，让全球每个角落潜藏的心智才能都得以释放出来。
?affluence (n.)富裕
vaunted(a.)炫耀的，自夸的
His most vaunted exploits were exposed as largely fictitious.
他最自豪的功绩，戳穿后才知大抵都是虚构的。
?exploit (n.)伟业，功绩fictitious (a.)虚构的，想象..的
versatile (a.)多才多艺的
He was the Beatles’ most versatile singer and not just as a balladeer.
他是甲壳虫乐队中最多才多艺的歌手，不只是个民谣歌手。
viable (a.)可行的
Barksdate knows that long-term success lies in turning Navigator into a viable alternative to Windows.
巴克斯代尔知道，长久的成功取决于把”领航员”转型成可以取代“视窗”的代用品。
vocal (a.)大声说出主张的
In a blistering op-ed article in the Los Angeles Times，Ross Perot，NAFTA’ S most vocal adversary declared the devaluation would cost the U.S. thousands more jobs and as much as＄20 billion in lost investment capital.
佩罗是反对设立北美自由贸易区最有力的干将，他在《洛杉叽时报》上写了一篇充满火药味的专栏文章，指出贬值将使美国丧失数千个工作机会．并流失高达200亿美元的投资额。
?blistering (a.)（言词）充满怒气的，尖酸的；op-ed (n.) (报纸的)专栏文章
with a vengeance彻底地，完全地
The communist northern tier of a peninsula once known as the Hermit Kingdom has lived up to that name with a vengeance.
这座半岛一度称为“隐士王国”．如今这个半岛北部的共产党国家就真的成为不折不扣的隐士王国。
?tier（n．）层 段  （133――163）

Chapter5 普通词 动词
abhor [?bAh?r] v. 痛恨，厌恶 【同】detest
This cannot be right―even if it accords with all the experimental evidence. Why? Because it is just too ugly. And everything in our experience tells us that nature abhors ugly.
这种情形一定有问题，就算所有实验证据都支持它也是一样。为什么？因为它太丑陋了，而我们体验过的一切都告诉我们，大自然最厌恶丑陋。
accelerate [?kAs?l??ret] v. 加速
There are some who want to accelerate the pace on reform and those who want it to slow down.
有人想加快改革的步伐，有人则想放慢。
accommodate [?Akm??det] v. 包容，适应，容纳
Netscape perpetually updates its browser to accommodate new Web application.
网景不断在更新它的浏览器，以求与新的全球资讯网应用软件相容。
accumulate [?Akjumj??let] v. 累积 【同】build up
In sumo’s complicated, multitiered ranking system, there are contests in which a win is crucial for one wrestler to gain promotion but is meaningless to his opponent, who may already have accumulated enough victories.
相扑的体制复杂、层级众多，有时一场比赛的输赢对其中一个能否升级事关重大，但对于也许已积累足够胜券的对手却无所谓。
multitier adj. 多层的
administer [?dAm?n?st?] v. 给药，施行 【同】give
That settled, he administered a stimulant called atropine to strengthen her heartbeat.
确定了这点之后，他使用一剂叫阿托品的兴奋剂来增强她的心跳。
adore [?Ad?r] v. 热爱
For sumo to maintain its special place in the Japanese heart, it will have to deliver the naked display of girth, strength and purity that people adore--- not the more recent images of greed and dishonesty.
相扑若想保持在日本人心中特别的地位，就得将人们热爱的吨位、力量与纯洁真正表现出来，而不是最近表现出的贪婪、欺瞒的形象。
deliver v. 履行（所承诺的事物）；girth n. 腰围
afflict [?Afl?kt] v. 折磨，使苦恼 【同】affect
“The message I take home,” he says, “is that disease afflicting plants and animals can send ripples through economies and societies no less disastrous than those affecting humans.”
他说：“我所得到的重要信息是：加害于植物和动物的病害，可能会在经济与社会领域中间接造成多方面的影响，其所带来的灾害不下于那些影响人类的疾病。”
ripple n. 水面涟漪，喻间接而多方面的影响
alleviate [?Aliv??et] v. 减轻 【同】ease
The club’s 12000 members include AIDS patients who say marijuana stimulates their appetite and cancer sufferers who say it alleviates nausea caused by chemotherapy.
这个俱乐部有1.2万名会员，其中包括声称大麻可以刺激食欲的艾滋病患者，以及声称大麻可以减轻化学治疗所引发的作呕症状的癌症患者。
chemotherapy n. 化学治疗
annihilate [?Ana???let] v. 毁灭
The Kurds are threatening to annihilate themselves because two rival leader each hope to establish and control an independent Kurdistan overlapping the borders of Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran.
库尔德族人正面临自我毁灭的危险，因为两支敌对派系的领袖，都想在伊拉克、土耳其、叙利亚、伊朗4国边界交叠处建立独立的库尔德斯坦国，并将其置于自己控制之下。
overlap v. 与……重叠
appease [?Apiz] v. 平息，安抚 【同】placate
Most states have restricted the number of these school (100 in California, 25 in Massachusetts) in an attempt to appease teachers’ unions and other opponents.
大部分州都对这类学校的数量设有上线（加州100，麻省25），以安抚教师工会和其他反对者。
articulate [rAt?kj?l?t] v. 清楚说明
The world has had a week to conjure up nightmare scenarios, yet no one has articulated the most frightening peril posed by human cloning: rampant self-satisfaction.
世人已经有一个星期的时间来幻想各种梦魇式的景象，但是还没有人清楚说明复制人类将带来最骇人的危险：狂妄的自满。
assassinate [?As?sn?et] v. 刺杀
While Vice President, Nixon allegedly organized an ill-fated convert plan to assassinate Fidel Castro.
据说尼克松担任副总统时，曾策划了一桩注定失败的刺杀卡斯特罗的秘密计划。
convert adj. 秘密的，偷偷摸摸的
assume [?Asum] v. 假定，以为 【同】presume
This occasion may have been the most important of Kennedy’s adult life so far, publicly as well as privately, and he carried it off with an imagination and delicacy that not everyone assumed he possessed.
这次婚礼该算是小肯尼迪成人后至目前，于公于私都最重要的一桩大事，而且他凭借想象力与细腻――并非每个人都认为他具有这些特质――完成此举。
backfire [,b?k'fai?] v. 招致反效果
According to Tenner, every technological endeavor is riddled with “solutions” that backfire.
按照特纳的看法，每一项科技的努力，都深受弄巧成拙的“解决方案”之困扰。
to be riddled with 充满……
banish [Ab?n??] v. 排除 【同】expel
We rewrote our legal and regulatory system in the past few decades essentially to banish human judgment from government decisions.
过去几十年我们重新写了法律体系与管理规定，基本上就是为了使政府在做决定时，将人为的判断排除在外。
bar [br] v. 禁止 【同】ban
Pretoria was barred from every Olympic competition for 32 years.
南非被阻隔于奥运会外达32年。
bill [b?l] v. 宣传
In fact, computers become outdated so fast, you’re crazy to buy anything that’s billed as “state of the art.”
事实上，电脑更新换代的速度非常快，要是去买号称“最新技术”的产品，那就太不实际了。
blast [bl?st] v. 引爆，炸开
Astronomers are not sure how our moon was formed, but increasingly they have come to suspect it was born in violence, blasted away from Earth by a collision with a planet-like object at least as big as Mars.
天文学家并不确定月球怎么形成，但越来越认为月球是在很激烈的情况下诞生，也就是说，月球是地球在撞到某个状似行星，体积至少有火星那么达的物体猛烈撞击后，迸裂出来的。
blossom [Abls?m] v. 开花，出现成果 【同】bloom
Not only has their theory been confirmed, but it has blossomed into a thriving branch of research.
他们的理论不仅获得证实，而且还蔚为显学。
bode [bod] v. 预示 【同】augur
Nor do the ironies he culls from the history of medicine bode well for the disease-free future imagined by some prophets of biotech.
他从医学史上挑出来的一些颇具讽刺性的事件，也同样并不预示生物科技所想象出来的“无疾病的未来”。
cull v. 挑选
bounce [ba?ns] v. 弹起，反弹
As we chat, the Jeep changes lanes from smooth asphalt to rough cobblestone, which sets us bouncing around in the backseat.
我们聊着天，这是吉普车从平坦的柏油路车道拐到颠簸的鹅卵石路上，我们在后座被弹上弹下。
asphalt n. 沥青，柏油
bully [Ab?l?] v. 威吓，欺负 【同】push  around
Beijing was delighted to hear him say “China cannot be bullied by an American President.”
北京对于他说的“中国不可能受美国总统的威吓”感到相当高兴。
bust [b?st] v. 逮捕；搜查
Anyone would agree that a club openly selling an illegal drug to thousands of people deserves to get busted, right?
俱乐部里公开销售非法毒品给数千人使用，就应该予以搜查，这一点大家都会同意吧！
bypass [Aba??p?s] v. 避开，绕过 【同】sidestep
Skeptics insist the real problem with the law is that most criminals bypass gun shops in favor of underground dealers.
怀疑者坚称，这条法律的真正问题在于，大部分罪犯避开枪店，而非法的卖枪者买枪。
capitalize (on) [Ak?p?tl?a?z] v. 利用 【同】take advantage of
The question now is how effectively Arafat will capitalize on these assets.
现在的问题是，阿拉法特将如何有效地利用这些资产。
effectively adv. 有效地
circumvent [?s?k?mAv?nt] v. 规避 【同】get around
Last month American customs agents arrested a pair of Jordanian nationals … on charges of using a home-based front company in Midlothian, Virginia, to circumvent the Iraqi embargo.
上个月美国海关人员逮捕了两名约旦籍人士，罪名是以弗吉尼亚州米德洛西安一家家庭式公司作幌子，规避对伊拉克的禁运措施。
front n. 掩护非法活动的人或机构，挂羊头卖狗肉者；embargo n. 贸易禁运
cite [sa?t] v.（为了例证或确认而）提到，举出
Richard Ellis, a professor of politics at Oregon’s Willamette University who is skeptical of the whole EQ theory, cites two 19th century Presidents who did not fit the mold.
俄勒冈州的威勒梅特大学政治学教授艾利斯，对整个情商理论持质疑的态度，他举出19世纪两位不符合这种理论的总统。
claim [klem] v. 夺走（性命） 【同】take
A routine ascent turns into a desperate ordeal as a storm rakes Mount Everest, claiming at least eight lives in the ultra-cold “Death Zone.”
一场暴风扫过珠峰，在超冷的“死亡区”夺走了至少8条人命，一场例行的登山行动随之变成艰险的煎熬。
desperate adj. 危急的；rake v.（暴风雨等）掠过
collaborate [k?Al?b??ret] v. 合作
Earlier in the year, two veterans of the sport collaborated on Yaocho (Match Rigging), a book stuffed with explosive revelations.
今年早些时候，两名已退休的相扑运动选手合写了一本叫《八百长》（即被操纵的比赛）的书，充满爆炸性的内幕。
to be stuffed with塞满
commit [k?Am?t] v. 使承诺，使作出保证
In Australia he (Clinton) will stress that politics, security and economics guarantee the U.S. determination to stay committed to a region that by the year 2000 will have a combined gross national product of $ 13 trillion, twice that of Europe.
在澳大利亚时，克林顿将强调政治、安全和经济3项因素会确保美国绝对信守对亚洲地区所做的承诺，这个地区在公元2000年时国民生产总值合计将高达13兆亿美元，是欧洲的两倍。
complement [Akmpl??m?nt] v. 补足
So, undaunted, she hired a new director, designer, conductor and soprano to complement her original cast.
所以她毫不气馁，在原有的阵容之外加聘了导演、设计师、指挥、女高音各一名。
compliment [Akmpl??m?nt] v. 赞美，恭维
He paid me a compliment, then reached over and put his right hand on my left butt cheek. Fortunately, the elevator had reached our floor, so I just stepped aside and walked him to the (building’s) exit.
他恭维了我一番，然后靠过来，把右手放在我左臀上。所幸电梯门开了，于是我把身体往旁一侧，陪着他一起走到大楼出口。
comprehend [?kmpr?Ah?nd] v. 理解 【同】understand
To comprehend the distrust between the two sides in this dispute, look to Northern Ireland for guidance.
要了解此争议中双方的疑惑，可以拿北爱尔兰当例子。
comprise [k?mApra?z] v. 拥有，由……构成
The U.S. Pacific Command comprises 200 ships, 2000 aircraft and 300000 soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines, of whom 100000 are forward deployed in South Korea, Japan and at sea.
美国太平洋指挥部辖有200艘船舰、2000架飞机与30万名陆、海、空军及陆战队，其中有10万名部署在韩国、日本及海上。
conceal [k?nAsil] v. 掩饰 【反】reveal
In a 1986 air strike at Libya, he (Ronald Reagan) showed no qualms about ordering F-111 bombers to blast Gaddafi’s living quarters as well as his command post, and could scarcely conceal disappointment when the colonel escaped.
1986年空袭利比亚的行动，里根泰然自若地命令F-111轰炸机不仅要轰炸卡扎菲的指挥部，还要轰炸他的住地。卡扎菲上校逃过一劫，里根则难掩饰失望之情。
confiscate [Aknf?s?ket] v. 没收，充公 【同】seize
The influential criminologist cited trials in Indianapolis and Kansas City that suggested that violent crime can be cut drastically through campaigns to locate and confiscate illegal guns.
这位具影响力的犯罪学家举了印第安那波里和堪萨斯市的一些案例，借此表示通过搜寻并没收非法枪支的活动，可使暴力犯罪锐减。
conjure (up) [Ak?nd??] v. 使浮现脑际，想起
He remains one of the handful of players--- and just about the only American--- who can conjure up the world of Josef Lhevinne, Rachmaninoff and Horowitz.
当今钢琴家中，能令人想起列文、拉赫曼尼诺夫、赫洛维茨3位大师风格的并不多，而他依旧是其中的一位，而且是其中唯一的一位美国人。
consult [k?nAs?lt] v. 咨询
Gorton told the New York Times that he did not consult environmentalists about the bill because “I already know what their views are.”
戈登告诉《纽约时报》说，关于这项法案他未征询过环保人士的看法，因为“我已知道他们的观点”。
contain [k?nAten] v. 围堵，遏制 【同】control
For the Chinese, a closer bond with Russia is a way of countering pressure from the U.S., which they accuse of trying to contain their economic and military growth.
对中国来说，加强与俄罗斯的关系是反抗美国压力的一项方法，中国指控美国想要遏制其经济与军事力量的增长。
contract [k?nAtr?kt] v. 收缩
The cuts are irrational, Christopher said two weeks ago, when “our global presence should be expanding, not contracting.”
两星期前克里斯托弗说，这些删减是毫无道理的，因为这时候“我们对国际事务的参与应该是愈来愈积极，而非愈来愈萎缩”。
contradict [?kntr?Ad?kt] v. 与……矛盾，抵触
A survey found that those who had given up cigarettes two decades ago had a higher risk of stroke than people who had never smoked. The results contradict two other studies that show that after five years of abstinence a former smoker’s stroke risk is essentially the same as that of someone who never lit up.
有份调查发现，戒烟20年的人比从未抽过烟的人，中风的几率更高。另外两项研究显示，吸烟者戒烟5年后，其中风几率基本上与从未抽过烟的人相同。前两项调查结果与后两项研究的结果正好相抵触。
abstinence n. 禁戒（烟、酒等）
convene [k?nAvin] v. 召开会议
He wants a specific timetable to expand NATO eastward, and pledged to convene a 1998 summit in Prague at which the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland would join the alliance.
他主张订出北大西洋公约组织向东扩展的明确日期表，并且承诺将于1998年在布拉格召开首脑会议，届时捷克、匈牙利和波兰都将加入北约组织。
coordinate [koA?rdn?et] v. 协调，整合
London said it would establish an elected 90-seat Northern Ireland Assembly. Members of the new Assembly would join with parliamentarians from the Irish Republic in a new cross-border body to coordinate issues that affect both…
伦敦表示将建立北爱尔兰议会，由90名民选议员组成，这个新议会的议员将与爱尔兰共和国的国会议员合组一跨国组织，以协调与双方相关的议题。
covet [Ak?v?t] v. 垂涎，觊觎 【同】desire
The man represents the Internet industry’s most coveted market: the estimated 85% to 90% of American homes that aren’t yet connected.
这名男子代表了国际互联网业者最渴望掌握的市场：就是那些尚未联网的美国家庭，据估计这样的家庭约占美国家庭的85%到90%。
crash [kr??] v .电脑死机
Every computer I’ve got has crashed.
我的电脑全死机了。
crave [krev] v. 渴求
People were craving the simple pleasures of the sea and the sun.
人们渴望着海洋和阳光所带来的那种单纯的乐趣。
cripple [Akr?pl] v. 使丧失活动能力，削弱
It was her own immune system, attacking the joint in her body and crippling her so badly that she often had to use a wheelchair.
就是她自己的免疫系统，攻击她体内的关节，严重削弱她的行为能力，使她必须经常借助轮椅。
cruise [kruz] v. 汽车定速行驶，（船、飞机）巡航
The Grand Cherokee wends its lazy way along the gently curving road, cruising at 40 km/h through rural Michigan’s autumnal landscape of gold-and-orange-dappled trees.
大型切诺基吉普车沿着弯度不大的路缓缓前行，以时速40公里的速度在密歇根乡间的秋色中缓缓行驶，沿途可见金、橙色斑驳的树木。
lazy adj. 慢吞吞的；dappled adj. 有斑点的，花斑的
crumble [Akr?mbl] v. 崩溃，消失 【同】fall apart
But the deal may not go through, and with its demise the three-decade-old edifice of affirmative action may begin to crumble.
但这笔交易可能谈不成，随之而来的后果是，鼓励雇用少数民族、妇女这个实行已30年的赞助性制度，可能因此而开始消亡。
edifice n. 体系
crunch [kr?nt?] v. 咬嚼，引申为电脑高速处理
The number of bits a chip can crunch is a rough measure of its power. The old Atari games ran on 8-bit machines; Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo are 16-bit systems.
一个芯片所能处理的比特数，大致与其功能成正比。老式的Atari游戏是在8位的机器上执行；世嘉的“创世纪”和超级任天堂是16位的系统。
cultivate [Ak?lt??vet] v. 培养、磨练
Nurmi, who had never gone beyond elementary schooling, cultivated his mind in adulthood and became a devoted fan of classical music, often attending concerts--- but always alone.
努尔米的学历只有小学，在成年之后，他自我陶冶心灵，成为古典音乐的乐迷，经常参加音乐会，但都是孤单一人。
defect [d?Af?kt] v. 变节
He preferred to defect to the South (Korea) while on a U.S. trip during the summer and asked Mr. A if he would arrange an invitation from former President Jimmy Carter.
他比较倾向于趁夏天赴美访问时变节投奔韩国，并且问了A先生是否可居中安排由前总统卡特邀他访美。
defy [d?Afa?] v. 反抗
Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi vowed to defy a U.N. ban on flights to and from his country and threatened to quit the world organization altogether.
联合国下令禁止飞机出入利比亚，该国强人卡扎菲发誓要反抗，并扬言完全退出这个世界组织。
denounce [d?Ana?ns] v. 公开指责
The sound bites is to politics what the aphorism is to exposition: the art of saying much with little. Yet the high priests of the press denounce the sound bite, staple of the 30-second political ad, as a degradation of political discourse.
宣传妙语之于政治界，就如同格言之于说明文：是言简意赅的艺术。然而，这种30秒政治广告必备的要素却饱受着新闻界高层权威的抨击，说它降低了政治对话的格调。
deploy [d?Apl??] v. 部署
He wanted deploy--- in Europe, Asia and the U.S. --- an antiballistic-missile defense system of the Star Wars sort first proposed during the Reagan Administration.
他将在欧洲、亚洲和美国部署类似里根当政时首先提出的“星球大战”反弹道导弹防御系统。
depreciate [d?Apri???et] v. 贬值，折旧 【反】appreciate
Recent studies have shown that by the time you’ve driven home your new 2.3-gigabyte hard drive, 32 megs of RAM, 180-megahertz StreamLined, tangerine-flake baby, it has depreciated 76%.
根据最近的研究显示，当你把你那台新买的，配置为2.3G硬盘，32兆内存，扫描频率180赫兹的流线型、带着橘色斑点的宝贝电脑载回家时，它已经贬值了76%。
tangerine n. 深橙色，红橙色；flake n. 雪片，点状花纹
tangerine flaked一词出自The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine Flake Streamline Baby一书，书名代表一辆汽车特别的颜色和车身的风格，整本书是介绍60年代的文化变化。tangerine flaked因而成为“很酷”的代名词。
derail [d?Arel] v. 使出轨，破坏 【同】wreck
It (La Femme Nikita) became his first global hit, and after an attempt to revive The Fifth Element in 1993 was derailed, he scored another international smash with an unusual tale of hitman-meets-Lolita called The Professional, also known as Leon.
《女人尼基塔》成为他第一部全球卖座片。1993年，他企图让《第五元素》得见天日的尝试落空后，又以《职业杀手》（又名《莱昂》）在国际影坛大放异彩，描写杀手遇见小女孩的罕见故事。
score v. 获得（利益、成功）；hitman n. 职业杀手
derive [d?Ara?v] v. 源自，获得 【同】stem
Some scientists are beginning to look seriously at just what benefits patients may derive from spirituality.
有些科学家开始认真研究病人从心灵学上能获得哪些益处。
deter [d?At?] v. 制止，妨碍 【同】discourage
A mini-Louvre Website exists on the Net, allowing visitors to call up a grainy version of works such as Monet’s Pont Neuf. Some in the real (as opposed to virtual) art world are concerned that on-screen viewing will deter actual museumgoing.
网络上有一处叫“迷你罗浮宫”的网站，让上网者可以调出颗粒状质感的作品，呈现在屏幕上，如莫内的《新桥》。在真实的艺术世界里（相对于虚拟世界），有人担心屏幕浏览将阻碍现实的博物馆的运营。
grainy adj.（照片等）粒子粗以致上面的线条或形状模糊不清
dictate [Ad?ktet] v. 指挥
Indeed, the very shape and nature of working lives are being dictated by technology.
事实上，人类职业生活的外貌及本质都受到科技的支配与控制。
diminish [d?Am?n??] v. 减少，衰退 【反】increase
She has talked of ending her program in the next year or two and moving on to other projects, but her charismatic appeal is unlikely to diminish.
她曾提到在明年或后年结束现在的节目，进行别的计划，但她的超群美丽似不会稍减。
charismatic adj. 富超凡魅力的
discipline [Ad?s?pl?n] v. 惩罚 【同】punish
Brookner claimed she was denied promotion after she disciplined subordinates for drinking, carousing, and, in one case, wife beating.
布鲁克纳宣称，因为部属喝酒、狂欢宴饮，还有一次打老婆，被她惩戒，之后她为此而不得不提升。
disclose [d?sAkloz] v. 揭发 【同】reveal
Tax authorities disclosed in July that they had conducted their first ever investigation of a sumo stable.
税务机关在7月宣布，已经对某相扑道馆进行首次查税工作。
disdain [d?sAden] v. 厌恶 【同】contempt  scorn
By his own account, he does not simply disdain coffee; he rages against it, preaches of its evils, overturns coffee urns in restaurants.
套用他的说法，他不只厌恶咖啡，还大骂咖啡，四处宣扬咖啡的弊端，在餐厅里打翻咖啡壶。
preach v. 宣扬，提倡
dissolve [d?Azlv] v. 解体
When the Soviet Union dissolved and Russian-style communism expired in the late 1980s, many thought the bear and the dragon would become even more fundamentally antagonistic.
80年代末期，苏联解体，俄国式的共产主义结束，很多人认为俄国熊和中国龙将在基本观念上更加对立。
distract [d?Astr?kt] v. 使分神 【同】sidetrack
He played in Little while growing up in Delaware, partly to distract himself from a “horrible childhood” marked by his mother’s dying of cancer.
他在特拉华长大，当时他在少年棒球联盟打球，这么做部分是为了让自己远离因母亲死于癌症而记忆深刻的“悲惨童年”。
drain [dren] v. 排干，流掉，逐渐耗竭
If the conflict descends into guerrilla warfare, it may move off the world’s front pages, but it will continue to drain Moscow’s resources and weaken Yeltsin.
如果战争转为零星的游击战，这场战争或许就会失去世人的关注，但仍将继续耗费莫斯科的资源，削弱叶利钦的气势。
dwarf [dw?rf] v. 令相形见绌
The social and economic changes that are taking place there (China) are so sweeping as to dwarf all others I see elsewhere in this dynamic part of the world.
中国正进行的社会、经济改变非常广泛，相比之下，在这个充满活力的（亚洲）地区，其他国家的改变反而显得微不足道。
elaborate [?Al?b??ret] v. 详述 [?Al?b?r?t] adj. 精心制作的，精巧的
Elaborates Time Zagat, publisher of the Zagat restaurant guides, …”The food doesn’t have to be all that good, as long as it doesn’t poison you. You go because you are interested.”
《扎加特餐厅指南》发行人扎加特解释说：“食物没必要太好，只要不毒死你就可以了。你到那里去是因为你有兴趣。”
embed [?mAb?d] v. 植入，深植于
Already familiar in Western Europe and parts of Asia, smart cards resemble credit cards but contain an embedded microchip that keeps track of values stored on the silicon.
IC卡在西欧以及亚洲某些地区已行之有年，外型类似信用卡，但卡中嵌入一块微晶片，可记录该卡的剩余款项。
to keep track of 随时注意（某人或情况的发展）
embody [?mAbd?] v. 体现 【同】represent
Just as the 1889 Paris Exposition gave rise to the Eiffel Towel, this (Internet) world’s fair will leave behind a structure that embodies its vision of the future: a transoceanic railroad of high-speed fiber-optic links.
就如同1889年的巴黎博览会时建起的埃菲尔铁塔一样，这次的网络博览会也将会留下一项能体现未来远景的实体建设：就是一条以高速光纤线路所连结而成的越洋“铁路”。
emulate [A?mj??let] v. 仿效 【同】imitate
Warner and Paramount, the two newest entrants in the network derby, see Fox not as a nemesis but as a network to emulate.
华纳和派拉蒙公司是新近加入电视台竞争的两位角逐者，在他们眼中，福克斯公司不只是强敌，还是效法的对象。
entrant n. 参赛者； derby n. 竞赛； nemesis n. 强敌
engineer [??nd??An?r] v. 策划，创造，设计
Gerstner and Thoman, however, have engineered a corporate future that takes more from their corporate customers’ body language than their own.
不过戈斯纳与托曼所要创造的公司（IBM）远景，却得视客户而非他们自己的身体语言而定。
enlist [?nAl?st] v. 招募
The U.S. should be hard-nosed on nuclear proliferation and intellectual-property rights, and may find it advantageous to enlist friends and allies support in that endeavor instead of going it alone.
美国在核武器扩散以及知识产权这两个问题上应该采取强硬的态度；而为了达到目的，美国如能得到友人与盟邦的支持，而不是单独奋斗，可能是最有利的。
hard-nosed（美俚）坚毅的，执拗的，精明而务实的
envision [?n?v???n] v. 预见，想象 【同】imagine
Andreessen, Barksdale and Clark envision a future Netscape product that will assume many of the computer’s operating-system functions, browsing local files as seamlessly as it browses today’s Web.
安德里森、巴克斯戴尔和克拉克想象网景未来的产品，将具备许多电脑作业系统的功能，能像现在浏览3W环球网一样，毫无阻碍地浏览个人档案。
assume v. 担任，负担； borrow v. 浏览
eradicate [?Ar?d??ket] v. 根除，拔除 【同】eliminate
Several days later, however, Clinton reversed himself again, saying it was more important to safeguard vital social programs than to eradicate the deficit in the relatively near future.
数天后，克林顿的态度有了180度的转变，说保住重大的社会计划比在较短的时间内消除赤字更为重要。
reverse v. 使倒转，彻底改变
erupt [?Ar?pt] v. 爆发
Then a controversy erupted over an unnamed woman’s decision to abort one of two healthy fetuses because she felt unable to care for twins.
接着爆发一场争议，争执点在于一名不知名的妇女，因为自觉无力抚养双胞胎，而决定拿掉腹中两个健康胎儿中的一个。
abort v. 堕胎； fetus n. 胎儿
escalate [A?sk??let] v. 升高
His Zucca line does well at home, but the escalating yen has kept it out of the export market.
他所设计的“祖卡”系列在国内卖得很好，但持续升值的日元使它无法打开外销市场。
line n. 系列产品
escort [A?sk?rt] v. 护送，伴随
At some Spanish resorts tourists who flouted the law would be sternly escorted back to their hotels by the Civil Guard.
在西班牙某些观光区，游客若违反这条法律，就会被国民卫队毫不客气地护送回旅馆。
resort n. 度假胜地
evaluate [?Av?lj??et] v. 评估 【同】assess
We must investigate, evaluate and validate this discovery, and it is certain to create lively scientific controversy.
我们必须调查、评估并确认这项发现，而它肯定会在科学上引起热烈的争议。
validate v. 证实
evoke [?Avok] v. 唤起，引起
Public polls record strong support for voluntary euthanasia--- a recent Morgan poll found that 70% of Australians were in favor--- but Dent’s death also evoked sorrow and anger.
民意调查显示，人们强烈支持自愿安乐死――最近的一次摩根民意调查发现，70%的澳大利亚人支持安乐死――可是邓特的死，仍然引发了悲叹和愤怒。
euthanasia n. 安乐死
expire [?kAspa?r] v. 到期，期满 【同】run out
His work visa expires in August.
他的工作证8月到期。
fake [fek] v. 假装，佯作
Johnson faked a pass, and defender Latrell Sprewell was so fooled that Magic simply sashayed past him and laid the ball in.
魔术师约翰逊做个传球的假动作，骗过防守的斯普雷维尔，把球装进篮框。
sashay v.（美口语）大摇大摆地走
feature (in) [Afit??] v. 以……为号召，特别介绍
Scientists and patients will be celebrating the promising new HIV treatments to be featured in Vancouver next week, but animal-rights activists almost certainly won’t be cheering them on.
下周在温哥华将要推出艾滋病病毒的几种新疗法，疗效似乎颇为看好。科学家与病人届时都会大事庆祝，但是提倡动物权利的人士几乎可以肯定不会为他们喝彩。
foresee [f?rAsi] v. 预料 【同】predict
The company expects to have a working prototype of this power train next year and even foresees limited sales to gotta-have car fanatics in 1998.
该公司期望动力组的样板机明年能制造出来，甚至预估在1998年就可以限量卖给汽车狂。
gotta-have 等于got to have，表示非买不可的
foreshadow [f?rA??do] v. 预示，先兆 【同】forebode
The fall of Danang late in the month produced scenes of horror that appeared to foreshadow what might happen later in Saigon….
本月底岘港陷落，一幕幕恐怖的场景随之出现，好似预示了此后在西贡可能上演的同样场面。
for(e)go [f?rAo] v. 放弃 【同】do without
But, saying he wanted to appear above reproach and quell any controversy, he announced he would forgo a $ 4.5 million advance for two books on politics.
但他说不想让形象受损，也想平息争议，于是他宣布放弃两本政治学著作的450万美元预付金。
reproach n. 责备； advance n. 预付版税
foster [Af?st?] v. 促进，助长
In Rishi he suggests that by purveying short-term cures but ignoring long-term prevention, the typical Western physician “was fostering a diseased system and beyond that, a diseased world….”
在《哲人归来》一书中，他认为一般的西方医生大量提供短期的治疗，却忽略长期的预防，等于是“助长一个病态的系统，甚至于病态的世界”。
purvey v. 供应
fret [fr?t] v. 烦恼，烦躁
In his 1994 book The Agenda, Bob Woodward recounts an Oval Office meeting at which Clinton was fretting about how he could get his legislation passed.
鲍勃?伍德沃德在他1994年出版的《议程》一书中写到，在椭圆形办公室的一次会议上，克林顿为了如何让法案过关而大伤脑筋。
recount v. 详述
hamper [Ah?mp?] v. 阻碍
Hong Kong’s cultural and intellectual development has been hampered, no doubt, by its lack of political development.
香港文化及知识的发展，无疑地因其政治上缺乏发展而受到阻碍。
harass [h?Ar?s] v. 骚扰
Getty claims that animal-rights activists made harassing phone calls to his hospital bedside while he was recovering.
盖提说，他在医院康复时，有保护动物人士打电话到他的病房骚扰他。
harbor [Ahrb?] v. 持有（感情）
And he still harbors a grudge against Bolduc, who attempted to bring the semi-independent medical services under his control.
而他对博尔杜奇仍心怀怨恨，因为博尔杜奇想把这些半独立的医学服务部门纳入他的管辖范围。
grudge n. 怨恨，不满
harness [Ahrn?s] v. 驾驭，利用
The CIA and Defense Department are about to harness some of their most sensitive technologies against a new enemy: cancer.
中央情报局和国防部正打算运用他们手中某些最灵敏的科技器材对付癌症这个新敌人。
haunt [h?nt] v.（如幽灵般）萦绕于……之脑海中 【同】plague
Until the I.R.A. and the Protestant paramilitaries give up their vicious beating, the legacy of the years of violence will continue to haunt Northern Ireland, and the faces of the children of war will continue to show fear.
只要爱尔兰共和军和基督教准军事部队成员不停止残暴的攻击行动，多年暴力活动所留下的影响，仍将继续笼罩着北爱尔兰，而战时儿童的脸庞仍将露出惊惧的神情。
heap (on) [hip] v. 对（某人）一再加以（称赞或侮辱） 【同】pile on
For survivors of the massacre, the most gnawing injustice is the blame heaped on the victims by military officer who accused them of being agents of communist North Korea, yet refused to say how many died.
对（光州）大屠杀的幸存者来说，最令他们感到痛苦的是军方对死难者一再加诸的罪名，指控他们是北朝鲜间谍，却有不愿透露到底是谁下令军队开火以及确切的死亡人数。
gnawing adj. 令人苦恼的，令人痛苦的
hobble [Ahbl] v. 妨碍，使难以运作 【同】hinder
Low points out, Thailand’s poor education system--- only about 30% of teenagers go on to secondary school, half the rate in Malaysia--- will hobble its ability to move up the value-added chain.
罗指出，泰国的教育体制不良――就读中学的青少年大约只有30%，是马来西亚的一半――将会妨碍它的高附加值产业的升级。
ignite [?括Ana?t] v. 点燃，激发
He (Clinton) is pleased to have frozen the North Korea nuclear program, but wants North and South speaking to each other to stabilize the Korean peninsula, where he still fears World War III could ignite.
冻结了北朝鲜的核计划，令克林顿觉得很满意，但是他希望南、北朝鲜展开对话以稳定朝鲜半岛局势，因为他仍然害怕第三次世界大战的战火会在此地点燃。
illustrate [A?l?stret] v. 阐明 【同】demonstrate  exemplify
The Ebola affair and the emergence of AIDS illustrate how modern travel and global commerce can quickly spread disease.
埃博拉病毒事件和艾滋病的出现，说明了现代人的旅游和全球化商业活动能使疾病快速散播。
immerse (oneself) [?Am?s] v. 热衷于，专心于 【同】engross
A President need not immerse himself in the details of foreign policy to conduct it successfully.
一个总统要成功地驾驭外交领域，并不需要自己亲自去过问外交政策上的细枝末节。
imply [?mApla?] v. 暗指，含……之意，意味着 【同】suggest
Homicide may imply abuse, but abuse does not imply homicide.
杀人或许意味着虐待，但虐待不意味着杀人。
incorporate [?nAk?rp?ret] v. 使合并，并入，纳入 【同】include
Early on, sumo was incorporated into Shinto purification rituals, after which it became court entertainment.
相扑很早就融入神道教的净化仪式中，后来才成为宫廷娱乐。
induce [?nAdus] v. 引发
In one classic 1950 study, …pregnant women suffering from severe morning sickness were given syrup of ipecac, which induces vomiting, and told it was a powerful new cure for nausea. Amazingly, the women ceased vomiting.
在1950年一项有名的研究中，实验者把能够引发呕吐的吐根糖浆制剂，给一组在早晨患有严重妊娠呕吐现象的妇女，告诉她们这是新的强效止吐剂，奇妙的是她们停止了呕吐。
syrup n. 含药糖浆
indulge (in) [?nAd?ld?] v. 随心所欲地享受，恣意而为
They indulge in a manic idealization of their young; it is the obverse of child battering but sometimes has equally fatal effects.
他们狂热地把自己的孩子理想化，并且乐此不疲。这与打小孩是两个极端，但有时却具有相同的毁灭性后果。
obverse n.（如表里的）相对物；fatal adj. 致命的，具有毁灭性的
inflict [?nAfl?kt] v. 施加
The biggest impact of the U.S. economic restrictions is the damage they inflict on American businesses.
美国经济制裁所导致的最大冲击，就是美国商界因制裁所蒙受的损害。
instill [?nAst?l] v. 逐渐灌输，注入 【同】implant
Both writers were emerging from a Victorian tradition that saw children’s literature as a didactic form whose function …was to instill a respect for adult values and behavior.
这两位作家都挣脱了维多利亚时代的传统，在那个时代儿童文学具有“文以载道”的功能，要教导儿童尊崇成人的价值观和行为模式。
to emerge from脱离，终结（某困境）；didactic adj.说教的
intervene [??nt?Avin] v. 介入
The Clinton Administration is faced with redefining when the U.S. should intervene abroad and whether it should be done alone, through the U.N. or through permanent or ad hoc alliances.
克林顿政府必须重新界定美国何时要干预外国事务，以及美国是否应单独出面干预、通过联合国干预，还是通过常设的联盟，或是专为某一目的而设的零时联盟来干预。
intimidate [?nAt?m??det] v. 威胁，恐吓 【同】browbeat
I heard a top Clinton aside trying to intimidate Jay by yelling at him, and I heard Jay, without losing his cool, raising his voice right back and demanding that his questions get answered.
我听到克林顿一名高级助理声嘶力竭地恫吓杰伊，也听到了杰伊不愠不火地立即提高音量反击回去，并要求对方回答他的问题。
yell v. 大叫，大吼
intrigue [?nAtri] v. 激起（某人）好奇心 【同】fascinate
Senators Daniel Inouye and Robert Byrd, intrigued by stories of psychic successes, pushed hard during many years to keep Star Gate going.
参议员丹尼尔?伊诺耶和罗伯特?伯德被灵媒成功的故事所吸引，多年来一直大力推动“星际之门计划”，使其不致中断。
psychic n. 通灵的人，灵媒
isolate [Aa?sl?et] v. 孤立，隔离 【同】cut off
Those who were both religious and socially involved had a 14-fold advantage over those who were isolated or lacked faith.
有宗教信仰有参与社交活动的人，其健康状况要比孤独或无信仰的人强上14倍。
jeopardize [Ad??p?d?a?z] v. 危及 【同】threaten  endanger
Her doctor advocates aborting all but two of the (eight) fatuses, warning that continuing the full pregnancy will jeopardize the health of both mother and bodies.
她的医生主张她腹中的8个胎儿只留两个，其余都拿掉，并警告说如果继续让8个胎儿都留在肚子里，将危及母子健康。
abort v. 堕胎； fetus n. 胎儿
lapse [l?ps] v. 陷入（某种状态） 【同】slip
The risk …was that without immediate surgery, Bradley would quickly lapse into a coma and die.
风险在于如果不立即动手术，布莱德雷会很快陷入昏迷，以致死亡。
coma n. 昏迷
lobby [Alb?] v. 游说
Malamud, 36, spent the past year shuttling among 30 countries, lobbying companies that initially dismissed the project as unwieldy and unworkable.
36岁的马拉默德，过去一年里奔走于30个国家，并向那些打从一开始就认定这个计划内容过于庞大而不可行的公司进行游说工作。
unwieldy adj.（组织、体系）过于庞杂而运作不良的
locate [Aloket] v. 寻找 【同】find
According to CIA documents that TIME has obtained, two agency officers went to Alexandria, Virginia, in May 1981 and asked a psychic to locate a group of POWs on a map of Laos.
据《时代》杂志所得到的中央情报局文件显示，在1981年5月，两名情报员前往弗吉尼亚州的亚历山德里亚，请灵媒在老挝地图上指出一群战俘的所在位置。
psychic n. 灵媒； POW prison of war的缩写，战俘之意
loom [lum] v.（危险）迫近
While the political stakes of the devaluation (of the Peso) are enormous for Zedillo, they loom large as well for Bill Clinton.
（比索的）贬值对赛迪略的政治前途关系重大，对克林顿而言，也是日益逼近的问题。
loot [lut] v. 掠夺，搜刮 【同】plunder
Hundreds of Vietnamese had swarmed over the walls and were looting the warehouse, the office, the snack bar.
越过围墙的数百名越南人，在仓库，、办公室、小吃店搜括了一番。
manifest [Am?n??f?st] v. 表明，显露 【同】show
As Francis Fukuyama predicted, the West, triumphant, faces the sheer ennui of normal life, ennui that manifests itself in an eccentric taste in heroes.
如同福山所预言，西方在战后面对着按部就班生活的聊赖，这种无聊就表现在对英雄的奇特胃口上。
ennui n.（法语）无聊
marvel [Amrvl] v. 表示惊异，赞叹
“Just three hours after receiving the medication, I was able to talk again.” Bisla marvels.
“服药3小时后，我又能说话了。”比斯拉啧啧称奇。
monitor [Amn?t?] v. 监视
The presence of 47000 U.S. troops in Japan reassures not only Tokyo, which is carefully monitoring its great neighbor’s rise to power, but even China, which along with other Asian countries is worried about Japan’s rearming.
美国驻扎在日本的4.7万名士兵，一方面让东京安心（东京正密切注意强邻中国的兴起），另一方面也让中国吃了定心丸，因为和其他亚洲国家一样，都在担心日本会重整军备。
moonlight [?mu?nla?t] v. 兼差，兼职
He sometimes moonlights as a chef at Rover’s, a French restaurant in Seattle.
他有时去西雅图一家法国餐厅“罗浮”兼职当主厨。
mourn [m?rn] v. 哀悼 【同】grieve for
At Francois Mitterrand’s graveside not along ago, the mistress mourned alongside the widow.
不久前，在密特朗的新坟边，他的情妇与寡妇并肩致哀。
multiply [?m?lt?Apla?] v. 大量增加
Most industrial pollution comes from small factories, which have multiplied from 15000 in 1950 to nearly 2 million today.
工业污染大多来自小工厂，1950年小工厂有1.5万家，现在已猛增到近200万家。
nurture [An?t??] v. 培养，养成 【同】cultivate
The organizers hope that the infrastructure--- and awareness--- nurtured by this exposition will launch a boom in Net use.
这次博览会的创办人希望借由博览会所促成的基础设施建设和所唤起的网络意识，促使国际互联网蓬勃发展。
outfit [Aa?t?f?t] v. 配备，供给 【同】fit out
General Motors is outfitting a convoy of 10 Buick LeSabres that are scheduled to make a test run next year on a modified stretch of I-15 outside San Diego.
通用汽车公司正着手装备一支由10不别克LeSabre汽车所组成的车队，预计明年在圣地亚哥郊外一段经过改建的15号洲际公路进行测试。
convoy n. 车队，船队；stretch n. 范围
penetrate [Ap?n??tret] v. 看透他人心思的，识破 【同】grasp  fathom
Little Women gently but firmly asks us to penetrate its 19th century disguises and discover something of ourselves hiding in the dim past.
《小妇人》以委婉但坚定的语气要求我们，识破其中19世纪的伪装，发掘隐藏于幽微过去的我们的真面目。
phase (in/out) [fez] v. 逐渐引进或逐步废除
Called Integrion, the partnership will phase in such activities as bill paying, electronic lending and stock and bond trading beginning next year.
名叫Integrion的这家合资公司预计明年开始陆续提供各种费用的代收、电子借贷的股票、债券买卖等服务。
plunge [pl?nd?] v. 冲进，跳进
After drifting through interplanetary space for millions of years, one of these Martian rocks ventured close to Earth 13000 years ago… and plunged into the atmosphere, blazing a meteoric path across the sky.
在星际漂流数百万年后，其中一块火星岩石在1.3万年前逼近地球，并一头栽进大气层，在空中燃烧，划出一道流星的光芒。
drift v. 漂流，游荡；meteoric adj. 流星的
proclaim [pr?Aklem] v. 宣称 【同】declare  announce
Whatever PETA says, he proclaims, is all lies and nonsense.
他表示，不管反虐待动物组织怎么说，都是骗人的，胡说八道！
prod [prd] v. 刺激，激励 【同】stimulate
A museum planned for the site of the notorious labor camp Perm 36 will prod visitor into grappling with those horrific tales.
预定在恶名昭著的劳改营“柏姆三十六号”所在地成立的博物馆，将会刺激来访者面对这些骇人的往事。
to grapple with: 设法解决（困难）
prompt [prmpt] v. 促使 【同】encourage
Kim’s warning was prompted by a slump in exports and a rise in imports that forced the government to double its estimate of the country’s 1996 current account deficit to as high as $12 billion.
金泳三之所以会提出警告，是因为出口急速下滑以及进口增加，迫使韩国政府把1996年日常赤字的预估提高一倍，高达120依美元。
slump n. 暴跌
prosecute [Aprs??kjut] v. 起诉，告发
We’ve tried to prosecute him, but it’s hopeless because he controls the court system and the judges… He’s also protected under parliamentary immunity.
我们也尝试告发他，但他控制了司法体系和法官，终究是徒劳无功；而且他还受到国会议员豁免权的保护。
immunity n.（责任、义务等的）豁免
provoke [pr?Avok] v. 引起，激发
A first reading of this book provokes a mix of outrage and hilarity.
初读这本书，令人感到半是气愤，半是好笑。
hilarity n. 高兴，欢乐
prowl [pra?l] n&v. 潜行（寻找窃取机会）
Reporters now regularly stroll the Internet for stories in the same way they used to prowl the corridors of City Hill. The tradecraft is a little different, but journalists are learning fast.
记者现在定期在国际互联网上浏览以寻找报道题材，就和他们过去常到市政厅走廊伺机寻觅新闻如出一辙，打探消息的方式有所改变，但记者学得都挺快。
tradecraft n. 谍报术
quell [kw?l] v. 压制
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto resorts to force to quell her own family’s challenge to her power.
总理贝纳齐尔?布托最后动用武力，以压制其家人的夺权挑战。
rebound [r?Aba?nd] v. 止跌回升，反弹
Among the good omens: U.S. and Japanese economies are strengthening, and the Japanese yen is expected to rebound.
好兆头包括：美国及日本的经济正在增强，而日本元预期会止跌回升。
omen n. 前兆，预兆
reclaim [r?Aklem] v. 索回
Foreign Ministry spokesman Chen Jian even suggested a timetable of sorts, saying that after China reclaims Hong Kong in 1997 and Macao in 1999, then Taiwan will be high on the agenda of the Chinese people.
外交部发言人陈健甚至暗示一份时间表，说中国于1997年收回香港，1999年收回澳门以后，台湾问题将成为中国人民优先处理的议题。
reconcile [Ar?k?n?sa?l] v. 调解
Washington has blocked China’s membership in the World Trade Organization, which Beijing wants as a venue for reconciling trade disputes and obtaining more favorable tariff treatment.
华盛顿一直阻挠中国加入世界贸易组织，中国本想借此组织来调解贸易纠纷并获得更有利的关税待遇。
tariff n. 关税
recruit [r?Akrut] v. 招募，吸收
To find out, Ho and one of his team, Dr. Martin Markowitz, recruited two dozen men in the earliest stages of infection and placed them on combination therapy.
为了找出答案，何大一与他研究小组的成员马可维兹博士找来24位处于感染初期的男性，对他们施以鸡尾酒疗法。
therapy n. 疗法
relate [r?Alet] v. 叙述 【同】tell
She would love to relate what happened that night, Thomasson told Congress, but felt she should talk first only to special counsel Robert Fiske.
托马森告诉国会，她很想说明当天晚上发生的事，但又觉得应该先跟特别顾问罗伯特?费斯克单独谈谈。
relinquish [r?Al??kw??] v. 放弃 【同】give up
Nearly one-third of those who relinquished triad ties were already in custody.
这些脱离帮派的人，有近1/3是在牢中。
triad n. 帮派；tie n. 关系，瓜葛；custody n. 羁押，拘禁
renounce [r?Ana?ns] v. 宣誓放弃
One in seven Taiwanese mobsters turned themselves in to police and renounced their lives of crime.
有1/7的台湾帮派分子向警方自首并宣誓告别黑道生活。
repent [r?Ap?nt] v. 悔改
Specifically, he (the Pope) suggested that the church needs to repent for its sometimes intolerant treatment of other faiths. That notion shocked some bishops.
换句话说，教皇话中隐然指出教会应该对其偶有不宽容其他信仰的做法忏悔，这想法令某些主教大感震惊。
restrain [r?Astren] v. 抑制，遏止 【同】check
But Templeton reminds us that not all Mexican companies will be hurt if the government fails in its attempt to restrain prices.
但坦普尔顿提醒我们，如果墨西哥政府抑制物价的努力失败，也只会损害到该国的部分公司，而非全部。
retrieve [r?Atriv] v. 取回 【同】recover  get back
He lost his heart ot her almost at once. Never did he retrieve it.
他几乎立即就被她完全迷住，从此不想抽身。
savor [Asev?] v. 品味
Fully savoring Tsai Ming-liang’s He Liu (The River) requires patience.
要充分品味蔡明亮的《河流》需要耐心。
scramble [Askr?mbl] v. 争相抢夺
Rebecca Runkle, a Morgan Stanley analyst who has watched toymakers scramble in the digital age, calls the new CD-ROMS a strategic coup.
摩根?斯坦利的分析师丽贝卡?朗克尔目睹了玩具厂商在数字时代的争夺战，称这张新光盘是策略上的奇招。
scrape [skrep] v. 刮除
No useful devices exist yet, but the prophets of nanotechnology insist that it may be only a few years before cell-size robots swirl through the body scraping fatty deposits off the walls of blood vessels…
目前微细科技还还没有可运作的装置，但微细科技的预言者坚称，在短短的数年之内，或许就会有像细胞大小的机器人，在身体中旋转移动，清除血管壁上沉积的脂肪。
nanotechnology n. 微细科技，即制造分子或原子大小的材料或机器的技术；
swirl v. 旋转移动；deposit n. 沉淀物，淤积物
seduce [s?Adus] v. 诱惑 【同】tempt
Over the past three months, Microsoft programmers have released a stream of new products designed to seduce Net users away from Netscape.
过去3个月以来，微软的程序设计师推出一大批新产品，以吸引网络使用者远离网景。
shatter [A??t?] v. 使粉碎 【同】destroy
The Nintendo 64 shatters the convention of two-dimensional horizontal scrolling video games.
“任天堂64”打破了传统的电视游戏机和二维空间的水平卷动模式。
shell [??l] v. 炮击
They shelled and blockaded Visoko, where Canadians (peacekeepers) were posted.
他们炮轰并封锁加拿大维和部队驻扎的维索科镇。
shun [??n] v. 规避 【同】avoid
In an era in which management gurus strive to push decision making down the chain, Email has made it easier for middle managers to shun responsibility by bucking decisions up the ladder.
这个时代，管理权威大力推动将决策权责下放，电子邮件却使中级主管更轻易就能将决策往上推而逃避责任。
strive v. 努力去做；buck v.（口语）推卸（责任等）
shuttle [A??tl] v. 往返，穿梭
For three years, the West has sought a diplomatic solution to the conflict in Bosnia while sending in U.N. peacekeepers to shuttle around a war zone and provide humanitarian aid.
3年来，西方各国一方面通过外交途径寻找波斯尼亚战争的解决之道，一方面派遣联合国维和部队穿梭于交战区内提供人道援助。
snap [sn?p] v. 毫不留情面地说
During rehearsals, Love and guitarist Eric Erlandson snap at each other.
在彩排时，洛夫和吉他手埃里克?厄兰森互相数落对方，措辞非常尖锐。
snap up [sn?p ?p] 争相抢购
They (moviegoers) snap up copies of Winston Groom’s 1986 novel, on which the film (Gump) was based…
《阿甘正传》的影迷争相抢购该电影的原著――温斯顿?格鲁姆写于1986年的小说。
spell [sp?l] v. 意味，招致 【同】signal
It has become commonplace, in this digital era, that electric communication will spell doom for authoritarian regimes.
在这个数字化的时代，电子通讯将为专制政权敲响丧钟，已是很通常的说法。
spur [sp?] v. 刺激，激励
PC sales are likely to pick up too, spurring demand for Asian-made components like disk drivers and monitors.
个人电脑的销售状况也可能会好转，因而刺激对亚洲制造的元件，例如磁盘驱动器和显示器的需求。
to pick up （情势、健康、成绩等）好转
strand [str?nd] v. 使进退两难，使束手无策
The role is oddly similar to Schwarzenegger’s persona in Last Action Hero: someone who plays a superman at work but in the real world is stranded without a script.
这个角色与施瓦辛格在《最后魔鬼英雄》中所扮演的角色出奇地相似，在银幕上扮演超人，在真实世界里却是一筹莫展，不知所措。
persona n.（戏剧、小说里的）角色、人物；script n.（戏剧、电影等的）脚本
strangle [Astr??l] v.（把人）勒死，抑制，阻挠
The members of the larger patriot movement are usually family men and women who feel strangled by the economy, abandoned by the government…
这个较大的爱国组织，其成员通常来自觉得被生计压得喘不过气，且被政府遗弃的有家庭的男女。
stride [stra?d] v. 大跨步
But Chiappe’s foot had been so badly burned he could baely hobble, let alone stride around looking for ancient dinosaur hones.
可是（古生物学家）恰普的脚严重灼伤，连跛着走都很吃力，更别说是跑来跑去寻找古代的恐龙骨头化石了。
stuff [st?f] v. 充满，装满 【同】cram
Browsers brought order to the chaos of the World Wide Web, a corner of the Net stuffed with text, sounds and pictures.
浏览器使处在国际互联网一角充满着文字、声音与图片的“3W环球网”这个混乱的世界，变得井然有序。
stumble [Ast?mbl] v. 摔倒，喻失败
In January she stumbled in her men’s fall collection, showing loose garments in prison stripes; Jewish groups protested that they looked like concentration-camp grab.
1月时，她（川久保玲）栽在秋季男装系列上。当时展示的是有囚服条纹的宽松衣服，犹太团体抗议说这些服装看起来像是集中营的衣服。
subsidize [?s?bs?da?z] v. 给予补助金
Fel-Pro also subsidizes tutoring for children having trouble at school and helps with college counseling.
Fel-Pro公司也补助学业有困难的员工子女家教费用，并在申请大学方面提供咨询。
surf [s?f] v. 冲浪，上网遨游
But it’s not hard to imagine millions of people a few years from now surfing the World Wide Web through their video-game players with sonic and Mario at their side.
但是我们不难想象数年之后，会有数百万人利用他们的游戏机，在“音速少年”与“玛利亚”的陪伴下，畅游3W环球网。
surge [s?d?] v. 急速上升，暴涨  【同】increase
Sales of Japanese cars equipped with CD-ROMS and satellite navigation systems are already surging--- from 306000 in 1994 to a projected 750000 this year.
配置有光盘驱动器以及卫星导航系统的日本车，销售量正大幅上升，从1994年的30.6万辆增加到今年预计约75万辆。
project v. 预估
surpass [s?Ap?s] v. 超越，凌驾
Star Wars demonstrated that revenues from film-related action figures, magnets and whatnot could rival a movie’s ticket sales--- and in at least two cases, Batman and Jurassic Park, even surpass box-office revenues.
影片《星球大战》显示：与电影相关的动感小玩偶、冰箱吸铁与杂七杂八小玩意的收入足可与票房收入匹敌，至少在《蝙蝠侠》和《侏罗纪公园》这两个例子中，相关商品的收入甚至超过票房收入。
revenue n. 收入；whatnot n. 种种东西，等等；box-office adj. 票房的，叫座的
swarm [sw?rm] v. 蜂拥
The beggars who swarm through other Indian cities are almost nowhere to be seen, making Surat, by many standards, a picture of India’s prosperous future.
在印度苏拉特市，没有像其他城市一样乞丐蜂拥而入，就许多标准来看，苏拉特市呈现的是印度一片美好的前景。
tamper [At?mp?] v. 篡改
Before Java allows any line of code to be executed, it determines whether the command is a legal one, using powerful encryption to ensure that the program hasn’t been tampered with.
“爪哇”在执行任何一项命令之前，会先判断这个命令是否合法，在这过程中它会利用有效的编码方式来确定这个程式没有遭到篡改。
encryption n. 译成密码，密码化
tap [t?p] v. 开发，利用
Eager to tap international aid before the P.L.O. gets it all, Hussein hinted that he might agree to terms of a full peace treaty even if Syria is still haggling.
（约旦国王）侯赛因急着想觅得国际援助，以免国际援助被巴解组织独占，因此他暗示，即使叙利亚对于签订全面和平条约仍争论不休，他还是可能同意该条约的条件。
haggle v. 与人讨价还价，争论
tempt [t?mpt] v. 诱惑
Even with the price cutting that started last week and is likely to continue through the holiday season, the (32-bit) systems are still far too expensive to tempt consumers used to paying $100 or less for a game machine with plenty of good software.
32位系统的游戏机上周开始降价并可能在此长假期间维持此价不变，尽管如此，对于那些惯于用100美元或更低的价钱，就可以买到一部配备许多好软件的游戏机的消费者而言，还是贵得难以承受。
tip [t?p] v. 使倾斜
The new finding tips the balance steeply toward the bird-as-dinosaur camp.
这次的新发现为认为“鸟类是恐龙”这一学派带来压倒性的优势。
topple [Atpl] v. 推翻，倾倒 【同】overthrow
Then toppling him would have meant U.S. occupation of Iraq, which was untenable for America, its allies and the Arab world.
当时，若推翻了萨达姆，美国就得占领伊拉克，这是美国、盟国和阿拉伯国家都不能接受的。
untenable adj.（理论、立场）难获支持的
torment [At?rm?nt] v. 折磨 【同】torture
The Bosnian Serbs torment them, humiliate them, take them hostage.
波斯尼亚的塞尔维亚人折磨他们，侮辱他们，把他们当作人质。
hostage n. 人质
trail [trel] v. 尾随，追踪 【同】follow
He got three speeding tickets--- two from the same cop who was trailing him…
他收到3张超速罚单，其中两张是尾随他的同一警察开的。
trigger [Atr??] v. 触发
It (surgery) also helps temper the involuntary arm and leg movements triggered by the Parkinson’s medication L-dopa.
开刀也可缓和治疗帕金森氏病所用的药剂L-dopa造成的手脚不自主移动。
temper v. 缓和
tug [t?] v. 用力拉 【同】yank
Dan Farmer is a computer programmer with a gold ring in his eyebrow, a curly shock of orange hair and a tendency to tug on the beard of authority.
丹?法默是个电脑程式设计师，眉毛上挂着一只金环，一头蓬乱的卷发，喜欢拉当权者的胡须。
curly adj. 卷发的；a shock of hair蓬乱的一堆头发
uncover [?nAk?v?] v. 揭发，发现 【同】discover
The specialists did not uncover any noticeable deviations from the norm.
专科医师并未发现任何值得注意的异状。
underline [??nd?Ala?n] v. 强调 【同】underscore
The President used a news conference to underline once again his opposition to the House-passed welfare bill and to vow to fight for the confirmation of Dr. Henry Foster as Surgeon General.
总统利用记者招待会再次强调其反对参院所通过福利法案的立场，并誓言要对福斯特医生出任卫生局长的任命案获得确认，而奋斗到底。
unravel [?nAr?vl] v. 弄清楚，解开（谜团、秘密等）
It was an extraordinarily productive year for the genetic engineers racing to unravel the secrets of human DNA.
对于急着想解开人类DNA之谜的基因工程学家而言，这是收获丰厚的一年。
unveil [?nAvel] v. 首次发表（新产品、计划） 【同】reveal
Last week IBM and a group of 15 U.S. and Canadian banking behemoths unveiled a venture that aims to provide a full range of financial services to the banks’ 60 million customers at the touch of a telephone button or the click of a mouse.
上周IBM与美加地区15家重量级银行宣布成立一家合资公司，其目标是为这些银行的6000万客户提供全方位的金融服务，客户只需按按电话键或鼠标，一切就可以办妥。
vanish [Av?n??] v. 消失 【同】disappear
It’s a bad idea to let Cruise vanish for almost an hour in the middle of his picture.
他在影片中让克鲁斯消失近一个小时，实在不明智。
verify [Av?r??fa?] v. 证实 【同】confirm
If the results are verified, it is a turning point in human history, suggesting that life exists not just on two planets in one paltry solar system but throughout this magnificent universe.
假如结果证实无误，这可以说是人类史上的一个转折点，表明生命不只存在与一个小小的太阳系里的两颗行星上，而是遍布整个浩瀚的宇宙。
warrant [Aw?r?nt] v. 视……为正当，认可 【同】merit
Though Targ has not yet published her results, she describes them as sufficiently “encouraging” to warrant a larger follow-up study with 100 AIDS patients.
塔格医生尚未发表她的实验结果，但她描述这结果会令人精神为之一振，使她可名正言顺再做一次较大的、有100名艾滋病人受试的后续实验。
follow-up adj. 后续的，补充的（调查、报道）
whip [hw?p] v. 击败 【同】defeat
Newly ascendant to the No. 1 world ranking after last week’s Australian Open, Agassi is likely to be surrounded by fellow stars (at Atlanta), but Michael Chang, who whipped Agassi in straight sets in the semifinals at Melbourne, is less certain to appear.
上周打完澳洲公开赛后新登上世界第一宝座的阿加西，在亚特兰大奥运会上也不乏明星级对手，可是在澳洲公开赛的半决赛中以直落三局痛宰阿加西的张德培，却不是那么确定会参加奥运会。
ascendant adj. 上升的；straight adj. 连续的，不间断的
wreck [r?k] v. 破坏
Tull, feeling only jealousy and hatred, attempts to wreck Barry’s career and his posh life.
心中只有嫉妒和恨意的图尔，企图破坏巴利的事业及其优越的生活。
posh adj. 奢侈的，豪华的

Chapter6 普通词 名词
addict (n.)上瘾者 (v.)使……上瘾
Oprah, who once confronted her own child?hood sexual abuse on her show, last week broke down during a program featuring fe?male drug users and revealed that she had smoked cocaine in the mid-1970s and become an addict. (TIME, Jan. 23, 1995, p. 63)
奥普拉曾经在自己的节目中坦言自己童年遭到性虐待的事实，上周在一个以女吸毒者现身说法为号召的节目中，她的精神再度崩溃，并透露她在70年代中期吸可卡因成瘾。
■to break down（情感、精神）崩溃
Adversary (n.) 对手   [同] opponent   enemy   [反] ally
Diplomacy without force against an adversary without scruples is useless. (TIME, May 15,1995, p.48)    要与一个肆无忌惮的对手进行外交对话，没有实力作后盾是不行的。
■scruple (n.)道德上的顾忌
advocate ['?dv?kit] (n.)   提倡者 ['?dv?,ket](v.) 提倡，主张  [同] (n.)  proponent (v.) recommend
That's because much of AIDS research would be impossible without experiments that animal  advocates consider unethical. (TIME, July 8, 1996, p. 39)
因为，艾滋病研究有一大部分非依赖动物实验不行，而动物保护人士认为这种实验违背道德。
alert (n.)  戒备 (v.)警告，提醒
The Pentagon saw no evidence that Py?ongyang was preparing for an attack and did not order the 37,000 U. S. soldiers stationed in South Korea to a higher alert level. (TIME,May 5, 1997, p. 30)
美国国防部不相信平壤当局准备发动攻击，也没有下令驻守韩国的3.7万名美军士兵提高警戒。
anecdote(n.)轶闻，小故事
Princeton astrophysicist David Spergel offered a telling historical anecdote in an address to colleagues at the American Astronomical Society's January meeting…（TIME，Mar．6，1995，P．76）
1月份的美国天文学会上，普林斯敦大学的天体物理学家戴维?斯柏格对其司事做了一场演讲，演讲中他讲了一则很有代表性的历史小故事。■telling  (a.)有力的
antidote (n.) 解毒剂，（解决问题的）对策，手段  [同]cure    remedy
Jessica Dubroff's adventure…might have worked as a cute，uplifting antidote to the shaming mess of the O. J. Simpson trial.（TIME，Apr, 2，1996，P．39）
杰西卡?杜布罗夫的冒险故事，也许可以成为在丢人现眼的辛普森案丑闻过后，一剂既俏皮又振奋人心的清凉剂。
■mess (n.)  麻烦，困境
arbitration (n.) 仲裁
A clause added to athletes’entry forms stipulates that competitors’ disputes be resolved by the Court of Arbitration for Sport，a 12-member body set up by the International Olympic Committee in 1994．（TIME，June 3，1996，p. 17）
在运动员的报名表土，多了一条规则，规定参赛者间的争议应由12人组成的“运动仲裁法庭”来解决。这个法庭是国际奥委会在1994年设置的。■stipulate  (v.)（合约等）规定，载明
arrogance (n. ) 傲慢
But Fidelity, the biggest fund company of all, known for its arrogance and aggressiveness, is under unprecedented strain. (TIME, Sept. 30, 1996, p. 44)
但是，全球最大的、以傲慢态度和富有进攻性著称的富达基金公司，却面临空前的压力。
■strain (n.)  （面临困境产生的身心）压力，紧张
assets (n. ) 资产
Mutual funds have topped $3. 145 trillion in assets…(TIME, Sept. 30, 1996, p. 44)
共同基金的资产已经超过3.145兆美元。
autonomy (n.)  自治（权），自主性  [同] independence
It's no longer the authoritarian family of the past … So young people can now enjoy auto?nomy within their parents' home. (TIME, Ju?ly 14, 1997, p. 37)
家庭不再像以前那么专制了，现在年轻人在父母家里也享有自主权。
beneficiary  (n. ) 受益人  [同] recipient
The new law will turn welfare over to the 50 states, where beneficiaries will be required to find work within two years, be limited to five years of benefits during their lifetime and face stringent restrictions aimed at limiting out-of-wedlock births.  (TIME, Aug. 25, 1996, p.25)
新的法律规定把福利政策下放给50个州政府来主管，接受福利金救助者必须在两年内找到工作，一辈子最多领取5年的福利金，同时受到严格的限制，以期控制非婚生子女的人数。
■to turn over 将（工作、责任等）移交；wedlock (n.) 婚姻；out-of-wedlock  私生的
bid（n．v．）努力，尝试   [同]attempt
Because of pressure from the U.S.，Beijing believes，it lost its bid to host the 2000 Olympics，which went instead to Sydney，Australia. （TIME，Mar. 25，1996，P．14）
北京相信是美国施压才使中国无法获得公元2000年奥运会主办权，而输给澳大利亚的悉尼。
blockbuster (n.)非常畅销的、大受欢迎的人或事物
The Soul of Chant, in any event, has risen to No. 10 on the classical charts, not a blockbuster like Chant, but enough to make Milan（Records）Chairman Emmanuel Chamboredon rejoice．（TIME，May 22，1995，P．72）
不管怎样，《圣咏之魂》这张专辑己上升至古典音乐排行榜第10名，虽没有《圣咏》那张专辑那样热销，但还是足以让米兰唱片公司的董事长钱伯敦感到高兴。■rejoice (v.)感到高兴
bloom （n．v．）盛开，繁盛   [同]blossom
long with the wastewater came a strain of cholera that found a home in huge algal blooms stimulated by unusually warm ocean waters and abundant pollution．（TIME，July 8，1996，p. 40）
这种废水夹带了一种霍乱病毒，这些病毒在因异常温暖的海水及大量污染的刺激而滋长的大群海藻中，找到温床。■strain (n.)  （动植物）品种；algal（a.）海藻的   226
capacity (n.)  职位
“ My job is to help our clients expand their perceived range of possibilities, ” Saffo says．Of course，in that capacity，he acknowledges，“you can affect outcomes.（TIME，July 15，1996，p. 40）
“我的工作是帮助客户扩展视野，了解更多的可能性。”萨佛说。他承认这种角色当然“可以影响到结果”。■perceive  (v.)察觉，看见
casualty (n.)伤亡   [同]victim
The first casualty of the new Haiti policy，however，was not the Haitian military but Lawrence Pezzullo，Washington’s special envoy to Haiti，who was forced to step down. (TIME，May，1994)
然而，实行新海地政策后的第一个牺牲者并不是海地军方，而是被迫去职的华盛顿派往海地的特使佩祖洛。
celebrity (n.)  声誉，名流   [同]star
A master at elevating his own celebrity，Calvin Klein may be one of the most recognizable names anywhere in the world．（TIME，June 17，1996，p. 19）
卡尔文?克莱恩是打知名度的高手，可能是世界上最广为人知的名字之一。
censorship (n.)  审查制度
As Internet pioneer John Gilmor once said，“The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it．”（TIME，Jan. 15，1996，P．51）
如同国际互联网的先驱约翰?吉尔摩尔说过的：“国际互联网将言论检查视为一种伤害，会想法子避开它。”
■route  (v.)安排路线
chunk (n.)  大块
Magellan underperformed because Vinik put an enormous chunk of the fund in bonds，believing that stacks were overvalued．（TIME，Sept．30，1996，p. 44）
麦哲伦基金之所以表现差劲，是医为维尼克相信股票指数被高估，而把大笔的资金投注于债券。
clamor (n.)喧嚷  (v.)吵着要……   [同](n.)uproar
As Okinawans’clamor for the expulsion of U．S ．bases grows，Tokyo and Washington are listening. (TIME，Nov. 6，1995，p, 14）
随着将美军基地扫出冲绳的呼声与日俱增，美日政府也开始正视此一问题。
cliche (n.)  陈词滥调
She challenges the cliche that women are more indirect than men and that tentativeness reflects a lack of confidence．（TIME，Oct．3，1994，p. 60）
人们常说女人言行不如男人直接，犹豫不决表示缺乏信心，她就是要向这种陈词滥调挑战。
■tentativeness (n.)犹豫
consolation(n.)安慰
It seemed odd when the Dick Morris story broke open that the President，First Lady and Vice President placed calls of consolation to Dick Morris．（TIME，Sept．23，1996，p. 60）
迪克?莫里斯的事情曝光时，总统、第一夫人与副总统都打电话去安慰他，这不是有点奇怪吗？
context (n.)背景，大环境
“We are concerned about what kind of China will emerge，”says Singapore's Lee．“The problem is of such gigantic size that it is not solvable in the Asian context alone．”（Mar. 5，1996，p．16）
“我们关切的是将来会出现怎样的一个中国，”新加坡的李光耀说，“这个问题太庞大了，不是在亚洲之内解决得了的。”
conviction (n.)  信念
It（the discovery）would…strongly support the growing conviction that life，possibly even intelligent life，is commonplace throughout the cosmos．（TIME，Aug. 19，1996，P．40）
这项发现将大力支持一个日渐盛行的信念，那就是生命，甚至可能包括有智慧的生命遍及宇宙乃是不稀奇的事。
counterpart(n.)相当的人（物）[同]equivalent
She（Albright，the U.S. ambassador to the U.N.）was at times less successful winning over her counterparts at the U．N．，which，like Napoleon's army，travels on its stomach.（TIME，Dec．16，1996，p. 37）
不过，她（美国驻联合国大使奥尔布莱特）在赢得其他国家驻联合国大使的支持上，有时较不顺利，因为联合国就像拿破仑军队一样，难以控制。
■to travel on its stomach：拿破仑治军很注重士兵伙食，各部队均配置有厨艺精湛的厨师。在这里讽刺联合国各大使很注重口腹之欲，谁常开宴会，让他们吃得好，就支持谁。
*编者小注：可翻译成棋逢对手、旗鼓相当等。*
cult (n.)教派，引申为崇拜
Following the trail trod recently by（Jackie）Chan，Chow（Yun-fat）is already a cult idol in the U.S. （TIME，May 6，1996，p. 63） 跟随成龙最近趟出来的路，周润发已是美国人崇拜的偶像。
■trod 行走，踩踏，是tread的过去式
curfew (n.)宵禁
Officials ordered a curfew，to no avail. （TIME，Nov. 28，1994，p. 46）
官员下令宵禁，但无效。■to no avail 完全没用
delinquency (n.)（债务、税款的）拖欠
He made the＄6,000 payment covering seven years of delinquency after being offered the Cabinet post. (TIME，Jan.3，1994，P．17)  他被提名入阁后，偿还了7年间来付的税款6000美元。
demise (n.)逝世
The Houston Post was sold to the Hearst Corp．，which immediately shut down the 110-year-old paper，a rival to Hearst's Houston Chronicle．The Post’s original owners blamed its demise on the rising cost of newsprint．（TIME，May 1，1995，p．21）
《休斯顿邮报》卖给赫斯特公司后，赫斯特立即将这份已有110年历史，素为赫斯特旗下的《休斯顿纪事报》劲敌的报纸结束掉。邮报的原老板将这份报纸的寿终正寝，归咎于新闻用纸的成本不断增加。
dilemma (n.)两难的困境
A panel finds that corporate and public policies in the U.S. do not ease the work-family dilemma. （TIME，May6，1996，p.52）
一专题讨论小组发觉美国企业内部玫策和政府公共政策，皆不能缓解工作与家庭无法兼顾的困境。
disguise （n. v.）伪装
Clinton feels so physically isolated at the White House that he slipped out of the compound…five or six times last year．（Hillary Clinton does the same，but more often and usually in disguise.）（TIME，Feb. 7，1994，p. 24）
克林顿觉得待在白宫憋得让人受不了，因此去年就溜出白宫五六次。（希拉里也一样，只是溜得更频繁，而且通常是乔装出去。）
■compound (n.)有围墙的房子或大院
dismay (n.)丧胆，惊慌
For its part，Mexico will have to abide by an austerity plan that，to the dismay of most Mexicans，will give the U.S. unprecedented say over the country's economic policies．（TIME，Mar. 6，1995，p．25）
对墨西哥而言，将不得不遵行这个紧缩国家支出的计划，赋予美国对墨西哥经济政策前所未有的发言权，尽管墨西哥人民大多对此感到惊愕。
■to abide by 遵行，奉行；austerity (n.)（国家开支上）紧缩
disruption(n.)中断，混乱，运行失常
Similarly，climate disruptions may be giving new life to such ancient scourges as yellow fever，meningitis and cholera，while fostering the spread of emerging diseases like hantavirus. （TIME，July 8，1996，p．40）
同样地，不正常的气候变化也可能在助长新兴疾病，如汉他病毒，扩散之际，使那些古老的灾病，如黄热病、脑膜炎及霍乱，再度爆发。
dissident (n.)  异议分子
His Open Society Fund backed the dissidents of Czechoslovakia's Charter 77 and Poland Solidarity，helping topple totalitarian regimes in those countries．（TIME，Apr．21，1997，P. 23）
他的“开放社会基金”支持如捷克的“宪章77”以及波兰的“团结工会”等异议团体，协助推翻这些国家的极权政府。
doom(n.)灭亡的命运，劫数   [同]fate
After the comet hit a second jolt from volcanoes may have helped send the dinosaurs to their doom．(TIME，Jan．9，1995，P．59）
彗星撞击后，火山爆发引起的第二次剧烈震动，可能加速了恐龙劫数的到来。
edge (n.)优势，有利地位
With a new 41-to-39 edge over Democrats，Republicans in the California state assembly should have been able to oust veteran Democratic speaker Willie Brown and install one of their own. （TIME，Feb．6，1995，p．15）
加州议会改选后，以41比39票占优势的共和党议员。应能把资深的民主党议长布朗拉下台，由共和党议员取而代之。
■oust  (v.)逐出，赶走
expertise (n.)专门技术
And across Asia the company（IBM）is deploying a new generation of salespeople who plan to offer IBM's hardware and software and also Big Blue's expertise insetting up business networks in underdeveloped areas．（TIME，Nov．4，1996，P．50）
IBM正在整个亚洲雇佣新一代的销售人员，提供IBM硬、软件以及“蓝色巨人”专门技术，以在尚未开发地区建立商业销售网。
fiasco (n.)（因准备或计划不周详，而很没面子地）彻底失败   [同]debacle
Rusk was second only to Lyndon Johnson as an architect of America's greatest foreign policy fiasco：the divisive，ultimately fruitless war in Vietnam.（TIME，Jan．9，1995，P.19）
这场引发国内分裂、徒然无功的越战，是美国有史以来最大的外交失败，而这场失败的主要责任者，首推约翰逊（总统），再有就是腊斯克。■divisive （a.）引发不和的，造成对立的
flaw (n.)缺陷，缺点   [同]defect
The researchers found that these executives failed most often because of “an interpersonal flaw” rather than a technical inability. （TIME，Oct.9，1995，p. 30）
研究人员发现，这些主管之所以失败，往往是因为“人际关系不好”，而非专业上有问题。
foul (n.)犯规，不合法
China，with seven top women banned from Atlanta on drug charges，cried foul when an American and an Australian who had flunked drug tests were allowed to enter their countries’ trials. （TIME，May 13，1996，p. 13）
中国有7名顶尖女将因被控使用禁药而被禁止参加亚特兰大奥运会，而当美国与澳大利亚各有一位未通过禁药检验的选手得以参加她们国内的资格赛时，中国立刻指出这是犯规行为。
■flunk (v.)没通过（测验）
franchise(n.)制造商授予的某特定地区的经销权  (v.)给……特许经销权
The 8-megabyte behemoth matched Netscape’s franchise browser，Navigator，feature for feature，and at a much better price―free．（TIME，Sept．16，1996，P．40）
这套占8兆空间的巨大软件，与网景授权的“领航员”浏览器，在每一项功能上都能相匹敌，而且价钱更诱人――免费。
fraud (n.)欺诈
And according to the Los Angeles Times，Gerchas，a jewelry-store owner，has been sued，at least 34 times in recent years for complaints including allegations of fraud and failure to pay creditors.（TIME，Feb．6，1995，p. 56）
而根据《洛杉矶时报》的报道，珠宝店老板格恰斯最近几年至少被指控了34次，诉由包括欺诈、欠债不还。■complaint (n.)（法律）控告； allegation (n.)  （尤指未经证实的）指控
frenzy (n.)  狂乱，发狂，狂热
As the stars step from their limos and navigate, the red carpet，the crowds erupt in full frenzy.（TIME，July 22，1996，P．42）
当明星们步下豪华汽车，走过红地毯时，人群瞬间陪入一片疯狂。
■navigate  (v.)（口语）行进于，走过
friction(n.)摩擦    [同]conflict
The Administration wants to fight for the U.S. computer-chip industry，but it does not want trade friction to topple Japan's fragile reform coalition government．（TIME，Jan．10，1994，p. 9）
美国政府想为其国内的电脑芯片业争些权益，但又不想因贸易摩擦，而动摇了日本矢志改革，但脆弱的联合政府。■coalition (n.)联合政府
gear (n.)（供某种用途的）工具，装备，服装
The state of Louisiana spent＄79,000 in 1968 for riot-control equipment．This included such useful civilian gear as machine guns and an armored personnel carrier．（TIME，Feb．27，1995，p. 11）
1968年路易斯安那州花了7.9万美元购置防暴装备，包括机关枪与装甲运兵车等有关的民用装备。
(n.)齿轮，（汽车）档位；
into gear 搭上齿轮，开动运转，喻进入运作状态；
into high gear（汽车、自行车）开高速齿轮，喻事物正如火如荼进行
Campaign '96 is roaring into high gear．（TIME，Mar．13，1995，p. 66）
1996年的竞选活动闹哄哄地进入了白热化阶段。
■roar (v.)（火车等）轰响着快速前进
glamo(u)r (n.)  魅力，魔力   [同]glitter
The scene would be repeated the following week in Seattle，with cyberczar Bill Gates adding his virtual glamour，and soon in the most touristed spots in the U.S. and a score of other countries．（TIME，July 22，1996，P.42）
下个礼拜，同样的场景将在西雅图再上演一遍，而且还会加上网络大帝比尔?盖茨逼真的魅力，不久之后，在美国的几个热门旅游胜地以及大约20个国家都会重现这一幕。
gratification (n.) 满足    [同]satisfaction
Notes Worrble's Sprechial，“We're taking a principle of instant gratification and applying it to a game. "（TIME，Oct. 7，1996，p. 40）
华波公司的斯派若基亚说：“我们采取立即满足的原则，并将其应用到电脑游戏上。”
gross (n.)总收人，毛利
Its restaurant at Disney World in Orlando，Florida，claims the world's highest gross，at＄45 million in 1995，its first year．（TIME，July 22，1996，p，43）
该餐厅在佛罗里达州奥兰多迪斯尼世界的分店，在1995年，也就是其开业的第一年，总收入是4500万美元，创下全球最高总收入的纪录。■claim (v.)获得，赢得
guise (n.)  外表，伪装
For the boys，Mattel's new offering is a computer mouse in the guise of a Hot Wheels car，complete with flashing lights and revving engine.（TIME，Nov. 11，1996，P．36）
美泰儿公司给男孩提供的新产品是Hot Wheels玩具车造型的电脑鼠标，有闪烁的灯光和隆隆作响的引擎音效。■to be complete with 有，具有；rev (v.) 加快（引擎）转速
guru (n.)大师，专家，权威
Ide is now Sony's guru，instructing engineers…in the art of merging home electronics with information technology．（TIME，Feb．24，1997，p. 42）
现在井出是索尼的宗师，正指导他的工程师们致力于融合家用电器与资讯科技。
gut (s) (n.)（口语）胆量，毅力
Yet Haiti's military…believe that the U.S. lacks the guts for a sustained occupation. “It'd be just like Somalia，”says a senior Haitian officer．“Clinton will run away when the first U.S. soldier is returned in a body bag．”（TIME，May 16，1994, p. 47）
但海地军方认为，美国是孬种，不敢在此长期驻军。海地一名高级军官表示：“局势演变将如索马里一样，当第一具美军尸体装进运尸袋送回美国时，克林顿就会逃之夭夭。”
handicap (n.)  残障；障碍
“Enjoy life,” he（Magic Johnson）says．“Live．I'm not just talking about people with HIV or AIDS，but about people with problems or handicaps or whatever．”（TIME，Feb．12，1996，P．38）
“享受生命的乐趣，”魔术师约翰逊说，“努力活下去。我不只是说那些感染了艾滋病毒或得了艾滋病的人，也是说那些生活遭遇困难、残障或其他任何问题的人。”
haul (n.)一段时间，距离
As portfolio managers know，the value of diversity may not be obvious in the short run，but it is the wisest policy over the long haul.（TIME，July 15，1996，P．41）
正如有价证券经营者所知，分散投资，其价值在短期内可能不明显，但长远来看，这是最聪明的策略。
havoc (n.) 大肆蹂躏，混乱 [同]chaos
The real threat for people…may not be a single disease，but armies of emergent microbes raising havoc among a host of creatures．（TIME，July 8，1996，P．41）
对人类真正的威胁，可能不是单一的疾病，而是大群新兴的微生物对许多生物的肆虐。
■an army of 大群；a host of 许多
hedge (n.)预防措施（v．）预防
Tokyo's joint security treaty with Washington allows its defense budget to remain low，and it abhors even thinking about developing a nuclear hedge against North Korea’s（nuclear）capabilities．（TIME，Feb. 28，1994，P．45）
美日安全条约使得日本的国防支出一直保持很低，而日本甚至不愿意考虑是否发展核力量，以抗衡北朝鲜的核武器。
heed （n．v.）注意，留意
As she heads to court this week to contest her estranged husband's petition for custody of the couple's two young boys，Clark should take heed of a similar case decided last fall in Washington.（TIME，Mar. 20，1995，P．40）
本周克拉克前往法庭，就其分居的先生所提出两个小子的监护权的诉状而抗辩时，应该留意去年秋天在华盛顿判定的一个类似案例。■estranged （a.）（夫妻）分居的；
petition (n. )（向法院提出的）请求、诉状；custody (n.)监护
hegemony (n.)  霸权
Judaism，the first faith to crack Christian hegemony, is today deeply rooted in the U.S.，although it is being eroded by secularization，low birthrates and high levels of inter-marriage．（TIME，Jan．30，1995，P.52）
犹太教是历史上第一个欲打破基督教独尊地位的宗教，如今虽然受到世俗化、低生育率、高通婚率的冲击而日渐式微，但在美国依旧根深蒂固。
■erode (v.)逐步毁坏
heyday (n.) 全盛时期
Apple makes 3.3profit on every dollar of sales．Compared with nearly 25for Microsoft．In some respects，the power Microsoft wields over the computer industry may exceed IBM’s in its heyday.（TIME, June 5，1995，p．32）
苹果电脑每销售1元有3.3的利润，相比之下，微软有近乎25的利润。从某些方面来看，微软在电脑业的影响力恐怕要超过IBM全盛时期。■wield (v.) 运用，操纵
hub (n.)中心    [同]center
Their view is that，given Singapore's position as a hub，they've got to have the best information tools. （TIME，Feb．17，1997，p. 46）
他们的看法是，由于新加坡居于营运中心的地位，必须拥有最先进的资讯工具。
hurdle (n.)  困难，挑战   [同]challenge
The biggest hurdle for Chevron will be getting the crude to market as production increases from 30,000 bbl. to 700,000 bbl．a day by 2010. （TIME，July 4，1994，P．54）
随着原油日产量由3万桶增加到2010年的70万桶，雪芙隆公司面临的最大困难将是如何把原油送到市场。■crude (n.)原油 bbl. 桶，是barrel(s)的缩写
hybrid (n.) 混合，杂种
The TV-PC hybrid idea is attractive to computer makers，although most would prefer to add TV reception to their PC lines than into the TV business．（TIME，Aug. 12，1996，p.26）
大部分的电脑制造商比较倾向将电视的接收功能加到他们的电脑产品上，而不愿涉足电视机这一行，但对他们来说，将电视与个人电脑结合的想法，还是很有吸引力。
■line (n.)系列产品
hypocrisy (n.) 伪善   [同]sincerity
Hypocrisy and selfishness seem to be the prevailing rules，complained Beijing’s official China Daily. （TIME，May 13，1996，P．13）
北京官方的《中国日报》抱怨说：“伪善与自私似乎成了普遍接受的规则。”
infidelity (n.)（婚姻上）不忠，偷情
If you rinse away its deliciously corrupt excitement, infidelity means the infliction of pain upon one’s spouse for the sake of fresher pleasure. （TIME，Sept．23，1996，P．60）
如果除去那种令人回味的堕落的刺激感，偷情意味着一个人为了追求更新鲜的愉悦，而让自己的配偶承受痛苦。■rinse (v.) 用清水冲洗掉；infliction (n.)   施加；spouse (n.) 配偶
instinct (n.)  1.本能；2.直觉   [同] 2.intuition
Now a dramatic discovery announced in the current Science suggests that the carnivores（dinosaurs）had a nesting instinct as well.（TIME，Nov．14，1994，p.78）
现在有一项轰动性的发现，发表在本期《科学》杂志上，这项发现指称肉食性（恐龙）也有筑巢的本能。
intuition (n.)直觉[同]instinct
Sequels，like blind dates，inspire a certain terror. We fear they will be losers；we suspect they will never measure up to past loves―and often intuition proves true．（TIME，Nov．14，1994，p. 83）
电影续集，就像是一场别人代为安排、但却从未见过对方的男女约会一样，总让人感到些许忐忑不安。我们担心它们卖座差，怀疑它们无法达到前集引起的热潮，而结果证明直觉往往是对的。
■sequel (n.) （小说、电影等的）续篇，续集；to measure up to符合，达到
knack (n.)窍门，高明的本领
Conner also possesses a knack for compromise. （TIME，May 15，1995，p.67）
康纳还拥有一项高明的本事――懂得何时妥协。
lag（n．v．）落后
Japan is now determined to make up for its lag on the info highway and give the U.S. some competition.（TIME，Mar．6，1995，P.66）
如今，在发展资讯高速公路上落后的日本下定决心迎头赶上，并与美国一较长短。
■to make up for弥补，补回
Landscape (n.) 景色，地貌
Wallerstein took an ever growing readership through a dispiriting landscape of anger and grief，of children unable to fit in with peers, and young adults crippled in their own attempts at love. （TIME，Feb. 27，1995，P．53）
华勒斯坦笔下，有愤怒与悲伤，有跟不上同龄人的小孩，还有在爱情道路上跌倒的青年男女，营造出令人心情惨淡的世界，从而获得愈来愈多读者的肯定。
■dispiriting  (a.)令人沮丧的，令人意志消沉的
legacy (n.)  传承，遗产，影响
  “He’s much more comfortable with it,” says a top aide，”and he’s come to the view that foreign policy will be an important part of his legacy.”（TIME，Nov. 18，1996，P.30）
〔克林顿的〕一位高级助理说：“他现在在外交方面比较得心应手，而且逐渐认为外交政策将会是他的功绩中重要的一部分。”
Legitimacy (n.) 合法性，认可
And royal legitimacy was conveyed by Princess Diana in the Caribbean surf．(TIME，July 1，1996，p. 56）
黛安娜王妃在加勒比海的海浪中展现比基尼泳装，比基尼自此被王室认可。
lieutenant (n.) 助手   [同]second-in-command
Gates had been warning his top lieutenants that the Net could change everything about the way people used computers，perhaps even the fact that they needed an＄89 copy of Windows to make their machines work．(TIME，Sept. 16，1996，p.38）
盖茨一直警告他的高级助手：网络可能让使用电脑的方式完全改观，甚至人们可能不再需要89美元一套的视窗软件来运作硬件。
limelight (n.) 公众瞩目的焦点，光采
From the gossip columns to the Oscar preshow promenade，they（supermodels）are stealing the limelight from Hollywood's film goddesses. (TIME，Apr. 17，1995，p. 66)
从报刊的闲话专栏到奥斯卡颁奖典礼开幕前名人悠闲地走进会场，超级模特儿都抢尽了好莱坞众女星的光采。
■promenade (n.)（悠闲地）散步，这里指在两旁众人注目下悠闲走过
literacy (n.) 读写的能力  cf. illiteracy
In addition，literacy among Malaysia’s 20 million people is a relatively high 80，English is widely spoken，and a greater percentage of Malaysians study abroad than do residents of any other Asian country．（TIME，Dec．4，1995，P．26）
除此之外，马来西亚2000万人口中的识字率相对较高，达到80，国民广泛使用英语，而与亚洲其他国家相比，出国留学的比例也最高。
loophole (n.) （法律）漏洞
There may be consumer-price shifts once tax shelters and loopholes vanish．（Apr. 17，1995，p. 26）
一旦合法避税手段和法律漏洞消失，消费品物价就可能变动。
■tax shelter 合法的减免所得税手段，如设立慈善事业基金
lure (n.)吸引力，诱饵
  Some people wonder what lure the words Chow Yun-fat could have on a movie marquee in Dallas or Denver.（TIME，May 6，1996，p.63）
有些人怀疑，“周润发”这三个字若摆在达拉斯或丹佛市的电影院广告板上，能有多少吸引力。
■marquee(n.)（戏院门口的）顶篷，放广告板处
lyrics (n.)  歌词
At one point in the meeting，Tucker rose from the audience and delivered a 17-minute attack on violent and misogynistic lyrics in songs recorded by Time-Warner performers．(June 12，1995，P．37)
会议中，塔克从观众席中站起，针对时代华纳公司旗下的歌手录制的歌曲中，涉及暴力与厌恶女人的歌词，发表了长达17分钟的抨击演讲。
■misogynistic (a.)厌恶女人的
maneuver(n.)（用以度过难关、解决问题的）技巧，手法
Many feel Kennedy’s commitment was a desperate political maneuver to lift himself out of the calamity of the Bay of Pigs…（TIME，July 25，1994，P．58）
许多人觉得肯尼迪之所以做出承诺，是一种慌不择路的政治手法，为的就是让他脱离猪湾惨剧的阴影。
■commitment (n.)承诺．保证；desperate （a.）孤注一掷的，拼死一搏的；
calamity (n.)灾难，不幸
mania (n.)  狂热，热中（忠）
Gates confessed that the Internet mania…had taken him by surprise．Millions of people were communicating via computers using software standards and application programs that Microsoft had no hand in developing.（TIME，June 5，1995，P．46）
盖茨坦承，国际互联网激起的热潮确曾令他大吃一惊，数百万人正使用微软公司未着力开发的软件标准和应用程序，通过电脑互通讯息。
■hand (n.)插手，参与
manipulation (n.)  （用以操纵比赛的）不正当手法
Onaruto acknowledged that a series of such manipulations allowed him to propel a wrestler named Kitanofuji to the title of grand champion in 1970. （TIME，Sept.30，1996，P．30）
大鸣户承认通过一连串这样的不正当手法，他得以在1970年将一名叫北富士的选手送上了“横纲”的宝座。
mayhem (n.) 失控，脱序，暴力横行  [同]chaos
Natural Born Killers isn’t an attempt to profit from murder and mayhem，says Oliver Stone．(TIME，June 12，1995，p. 32）
《闪灵杀手》这部戏无意利用谋杀和暴力情节来赚钱，奥立佛?斯通如是说。
melodrama(n.)通俗剧
Half his other movies show him chain-smoking；he keeps three cigarettes going at once in his most recent melodrama，Peace Hotel．(TIME，May 6，1996，p. 62)
在一半的电影里他都是烟不离手，甚至在他最近的娱乐电影《和平饭店》中，还一次同时抽3根烟。■chain-smoke (v.)一根接一根抽烟
memoir(n.)回忆录
Warren Zimmermann，the last U．S．ambassador to Yugoslavia，who published his memoirs，Origins of a Catastrophe，last week，wrote that the Serb leader was "responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of Bosnians…”(TIME，Sept. 23，1996，p. 35)
美国前任驻南斯拉夫大使沃伦?齐默尔曼上周出版了回忆录《灾难的源起》，里面写到这位塞尔维亚领袖“造成数以万计的波斯尼亚人丧生”。■catastrophe (n.) 惨剧，不幸
moderation (n.)  适度，节制  [同]restraint
But as Clinton has soared in the polls by emphasizing moderation，Gore's standing with the President，says a senior presidential adviser，”is unparalleled.” (TIME，June 17，1996．P．30)
但当克林顿强调温和政策而使得民意支持率升高后，根据一位克林顿资深顾问的说法，戈尔在总统心目中的地位是“无人能比的”。
namesake (n.) 同名的人或物
Martina Hingis charms the fans and reminds them of her namesake.（TIME，Sept．16，1996，p. 19）
辛吉斯迷倒球迷，并使他们想起与她同名的网坛前辈。
newsletter (n.) （机关的）内部刊物    [同]bulletin
“Not all the fund companies are that competitive，”says Eric Kobren，the publisher of the newsletter Fidelity Insight. (TIME, Sept.30，1996，p. 48）
〔富达基金〕内部刊物《富达观察》的发行人克布伦说：“并非每家基金公司都如此有竞争力。”
obsession (n.)偏执，迷恋，沉溺  [同]fixation
Carl Lewis has always had an obsession with image that made would-be fans a little uneasy.（TIME，June 24，1996，p.66）
卡尔?刘易斯一向太在意形象，这一点使那些想成为他的运动迷的人有些不目在。
■would-be(a.)想要成为……的，未来的
onset (n.)发作
Then the physicians must ensure that less than three hours have elapsed since the stroke's onset．Otherwise the risk of bleeding into the brain is too great.（TIME，Sept．16，1996，P．48）
然后，医生必须确定中风发作的时间没有超过3小时，否则，脑溢血的风险会非常高。
■elapse (v.)（时间）消逝，过去
outfit (n.) 一套服装
It is picture of his two-year-old son Matthew, dressed in a red plaid outfit and sitting in front of a Christmas tree…（TIME，Nov. 21，1994，p. 92）
那是一张他两岁的儿子马修的照片，穿着有褶边的红色套装，坐在一棵圣诞树前。
(n.)公司，机构   [同] organization
Today, and tomorrow, any ambitious entertainment outfit must be an all-purpose，universal，joint conglomerate for two big reasons．(TIME，Mar. 27，1995，p. 54)
基于两大理由，任何雄心远大的娱乐事业机构，不管在今天或明天，都必须是能满足各种需求、全球性的大型综合企业。
parallel (n.)  可相比拟的事物，比较   [同]equivalent
If there is an explanation for Zhirinovsky’s unique appeal，perhaps it is to be found in the parallel between the young boy who grew up feeling rejected，humiliated and despised and a nation that has just emerged from seven decades of dictatorship feeling abused，deprived and defeated．（TIME，July 11，1994，p ．38）
日里诺夫斯基这小伙子，成长过程中饱尝被排斤、羞辱、瞧不起的感受，而这个刚脱离70年独裁统治的国家，也正感到受虐、受剥夺与一事无成，如果要解释日里诺夫斯基为何拥有如此独特的魅力，或许可从他和这个国家之间的相似性寻得答案。
■to merge from…摆脱（困境）
peer (n.)同辈，同侪
Johnson had to quit basketball then，supposedly for the sake of his own health and definitely for the peace of mind of his peers.（TIME，Feb．12，1996，p．39）
当时约翰逊必须退出篮坛，表面原因可能是为了自己的健康，实际却是为了让球场上的球员安心。
perspective (n.)  看法，观点    [同]view
Even more interesting，from a business perspective，is the so-called intranet―the collection of networks that connect computers within corporations―that both Sun and Microsoft have targeted as a rich area for growth.  (TIME，Jan. 22，1996，p. 44)
就商业的观点来看，更引人兴趣的是所谓的“内部网”，即连接公司内部电脑的网络系统，目前“太阳”与“微软”都把焦点对准了这个富有广阔前景的领域。
pinnacle (n.) 顶点，高峰
We asked each to select his or her choice of the five greatest Olympians and to tell us precisely the qualities that place them at the very pinnacle.（TIME，June 24，1996，P．52）
我们要求他们挑选出自己所认为的5位最伟大的奥运选手，并且明确告诉我们这些运动员所以能登上巅峰的特质。
plight (n.) 苦境
Gorbachev seemed fully aware of the military's plight only two months ago when he warned the Russian parliament that “no army in the world is in such a poor state as ours.” (Jan. 16，1995，p. 50)
戈尔巴乔夫似乎在两个月前才全面了解军方的困境，当时他向俄国国会提出警告：“世上没有哪个国家的军队比我国的更穷困了。”
poise (n.)  镇静，沉着
While she（Hillary Clinton）provided little new information on the tangled Arkansas land deal or her controversial commodity trades，the real message was her attitude and her poise．（TIME，May 2，1994，P.65）
对于纠缠不清的阿肯萨斯土地交易案和她本身备受争议的大宗商品交易案，希拉里没有吐露什么新消息，真正传达给世人的，反倒是她的态度和她的从容。
■tangled (a.)纠缠不清的，复杂的
 portfolio (n.) (投资者持有的)投资组合，(银行等投资单位持有的)有价证券财产目录
Johnson，along with other Fidelity executives，insists that the company's homegrown style of managing portfolios doesn't need much fixing. （TIME，Sept. 30，1996，P．46）
约翰逊与其他富达公司的高级主管都坚持，公司自创的有价证券操作方式并不需要太多的修正。
precedent (n.)先例
One problem is that if the U.S. tries to kill leaders it doesn't like，chances are someone will try to do the same to the American President. There is precedent for such concern.（Sept.23，1996，P．35）
有一个问题就是，如果美国设法刺杀它不喜欢的外国领袖，别人也可能对美国总统如法炮制。这种顾虑是有先例可循的。■（The）chances are…有可能，也许
predator (n.)猎捕者，掠夺者
It turns out the pesticides had all along been doing less damage to the invader than to its predators.（TIME，May 27，1996，p. 67）
结果显示，杀虫剂对入侵者的天敌造成的伤害，反而一直高于入侵者本身。
predicament (n.) 困境   [同]dilemma
This sort of predicament is what the Founders designed representative democracy to solve．(TIME，Jan. 23，1995，p. 14)
这种困境正是当初建国者设计的议会民主制度所要解决的。
prohibition (n.) 禁令
The tyrannicide game changed in 1976 when President Gerald Ford issued an Executive Order banning political assassinations．All Presidents since have extended the prohibition，though Ronald Reagan must have had his fingers crossed when he went along.（TIME，Sept. 23，1996，p. 35）
1976年，福特总统颁布行政命令禁止政治刺杀的行动，刺杀暴君的游戏从此改变。此后每一位总统都延长此禁令的时效，不过里根在决定亦步亦趋之际，可能只是为了祈求好运气（而使自己不被二次刺杀）。
■to have one's fingers crossed 祈求好运
prophet (n.)  预言者
The prophets of this healing offensive are photogenic and media-friendly，but here their common traits end．They speak in different tongues to reach different audiences．（TIME，June 4，1996, p．44）
领导这一波新疗法趋势的众先知，个个都很上相而且和媒体保持良好关系，但他们的相似之处仅止于此。他们各持各的论调，给各种不同的听众听。
■offensive (n.) 进攻，攻势；photogenic  (a.)上镜头的，适于拍照的；trait(n.)特点，特性
prototype (n.)  样板
Someday，say the futurists，our streets will be filled with computer-controlled cars so "smart" they will make the prototype I'm riding in look like a brain-damaged Model T．(Nov. 4，1996，p. 52)
根据未来学家的说法，将来有一天，我们的道路上会布满由电脑控制的车辆。这些车辆非常“聪明”，相形之下使我现在乘坐的这辆样板车像是辆大脑损伤了的T型车。
psyche (n.) 心灵
Suharto has such tight control of the Indonesian electoral process that neither Megawati nor her brother can hope to govern the country any time soon．But she holds a crucial place in the Indonesian psyche.（TIME，Oct.6，1997，p. 21）
苏哈托对国内选举程序控制严密，无论梅加瓦提或其兄都没有希望在短期内执政，但梅加瓦提在印尼人心目中占有重要地位。
rally (n.) 群众大会，聚会（v．）召集，团结
Last month，with a group of nine other AIDS patients，Getty sat down in the middle of a driveway and blocked traffic outside an animal-rights rally in Washington.（TIME，July 8，1996，p. 39）
上个月华盛顿市举行了一次声援动物权益的群众大会，盖提和另9名艾滋病患者聚在一起，在会场外围的一条马路中央坐下来，挡住车流。
rehearsal (n.)  排演
The performance，however，suffered from an obvious lack of rehearsal，with the pianist and the conductor…unable to agree on basic matters of tempo．（TIME，July 25，1994，p．71）
这场演出明显因为没有彩排而进行得不顺利，在拍子这个基本的问题上，钢琴师和指挥家都不能步调一致。
retaliation (n.)  报复
Questions still linger about whether retaliation could have been a factor in Kennedy's death．(TIME，Sept．23，1996，p. 35)肯尼迪之死是否有报复的因素在内，到今天还无法断定。
■linger (v.)徘徊，流连不去
reversion (n.) 复归
Hong Kong's reversion may have the biggest effect on bilateral relations．（Nov.18，1996，p. 31）
香港回归中国可能对[中美]双方关系有最大的影响。
rhetoric (n.) 辞令，浮夸不实的话
Such high-level contacts could do much to soften Chinese rhetoric against the U.S.，as did the historic Beijing visits of Henry Kissinger and Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972. (TIME，July 22，1996，p. 37)
这样的高层接触可以大大缓和中国对美国的严词抨击，一如1971、1972年基辛格、尼克松访问北京的历史之旅所达到的效果。
sensation (n.) 轰动的人、事、物
The game’s eye-popping graphics were an instant sensation：DKC not only became the best-selling game of 1994 but also ratcheted up pressure on the teams deigning games for the new machine．（TIME，May 20，1996，P．58）
这个游戏里令人惊奇的图形效果马上就造成大轰动。DKC不只成为1994年最畅销的游戏，同时也逐渐加重了为新机器设计游戏的工作小组的压力。
■eye-popping（a.）（口语）令人惊奇的；
    ratchet (n.)  “棘齿轮”；(v.)像棘齿轮一样一步步推动
setback (n.) 挫折，失败
Impressionist and modern art auctions continued to disappoint．At Christie’s and Sotheby’s，artworks that were estimated to reap bewteen＄160 million and＄215 million instead brought in＄101 million―a stunning setback for the already shaky art market．(TIME，May 23，1994，p.13)
印象派和现代艺术作品的拍卖持续低迷。在克里斯蒂、索斯比这两个拍卖行，先前预计可拍卖1.6亿至2.15亿美元的艺术品，结果只拍卖出1.01亿美元。对于已经摇摇欲坠的艺术市场，这实在是个严重的挫折。■shaky (a.)不稳的，摇摇欲坠的
siege(n.)围城，包围
  Though seahorses are under siege，“they are not yet on the verge of extinction,” so any ban on their fishing now would harm traditional livelihoods.（TIME，Jan. 13，1997，p.43）
海马虽然四面楚歌，但“目前还不至于濒临绝种”，所以严禁捕捞将会影响渔民的传统生计。
skirmish (n.)  小战斗
One of the fiercest skirmishes in recent months has been over the market for so-called Web browsers，in which Microsoft，Netscape and Sun all compete.（TIME，Jan. 22，1996，P .43）
最近几个月有几场最激烈的混战，其中之一就是对所谓的“3W环球网浏览器”的市场争夺战，微软、网景及太阳等公司都投入了这场竞争。
smash (n.)轰动，热门人物
In the 1989 box-office smash God of Gamblers，he（Chow Yun-fat）munched on chocolates. （TIME，May 6，19，p. 62）在1989年极卖座的《赌神》中，周润发口中嚼着巧克力。
■box-office  (a.)票房的，卖座的；munch  (v.)用力咀嚼
spell (n.)一段时间[同] period
Unusual weather such as dry spells in wet areas or torrential rains in normally dry spots tends to favor so-called opportunistic pests…while making life more difficult for the predators that usually control them．（TIME，July 8，1996，P. 40）
异常的气候，例如多雨的地区出现数次干旱，平常干燥的地方下了倾盆大雨，都有利于所谓投机性的有害生物的生存，同时使得一向控制这些生物数目的天敌愈来愈难生存。

■favor (v.)（天气、事情等）对……有利
spoiler (n.)选举中无望选上但可拉低他人得票数的搅局者
Though radically different in ideology，（the presidential candidates）Perot and Jackson both yearn to advance an ambitious agenda，even if that means playing the spoiler.( Mar. 13，1995，p. 91)
佩罗和杰克逊两名总统候选人尽管在意识形态上南辕北辙，但都想提出一份志在必得的竞选计划，即使明知这么做也是当选无望。■yearn  (v.)渴望
stagnation (n.)  不景气，停滞
Economists say the nation's anemic savings rate of 4，in contrast to Germany’s 12and Japan's
17，is a key reason behind the stagnation in many workers’wages since 1973. (TIME，May 22，1995，p. 35)
经济学家表示，该国的储蓄率很低，只有4，相对地德国和日本分别有12和17；该国许多工人的薪资之所以自1973年之后就停滞不涨，这是一大原因。
■anemic (a.)贫血的，疲软无力的，衰弱的
stake (n.) 赌注，投资，利害关系
The financial stakes are enormous as well．P&G has already invested＄200 million in developing，studying and testing olestra. (TIME，Jan. 8，1996，p.31)
金钱上的投注也相当惊人。宝洁公司已经投资2亿美元在脱脂油的研究发展和测试上。
staple (n.)主要成分，经常出现的内容
Both Miles Davis and Quincy Jones experimented with rap-jazz fusion in the '80s，but a decade later it is becoming a staple.（TIME，Nov. 21，1994，P．108）
80年代迈尔斯?戴维斯和昆西?琼斯都尝试融合饶舌和爵士风格，实验新的音乐形式， 10年后这种音乐形式却成为司空见惯的东西。
stereotype (n.)刻板印象
Those who are urgently trying to reach females end up reinforcing sexist stereotypes，such as“Girls like cooperative games，not action.”(TIME，Nov. 11，1996，p. 36)
急于想打进女性市场的人，结果强化了性别歧视的刻板印象，例如“女性喜欢合作的游戏，不喜欢动作的游戏”这类说法。
■to end up 结果变成
stewardship (n.) 管理
In the next few weeks parliament must still consider the fate of（the central bank chairman Victor）Gerashenko and vote on the economic stewardship of Prime Minister Victor Chernomyrdin．（TIME，Oct．24，1994，P．43）
未来几周，杜马仍需考虑（央行总裁）杰拉申柯的去留问题，并对总理切尔诺梅尔金是否有经济管理权投票表决。
stigma   (a.)污名，耻辱
As long as the stigma and discrimination exist around AIDS out there，we're going to have to treat it differently from other diseases．（TIME，July 4，1994，p. 60）
只要人们继续以耻辱、歧视的心态看待艾滋病，我们就必须区别对待此病与其他疾病。
stroke(n.)中风
Of all the medical catastrophes that can befall a person，suffering a stroke is one of the most terrifying．（TIME，Sept．16，1996，P．48）
在人类可能罹患的各种重大疾病之中，中风是最可怕的之一。
■catastrophe (n.) 惨事，不幸；befall (v.)（不幸、灾祸等）降临在
stroll（n. v.）溜达，散步  [同](v.) wonder
A stroll through the center of the city reveals the transformation nearly everywhere．(July 4, 1994, p. 50)到市中心走一趟，就可看出这改变几乎遍及各处。
suspense(n.)悬疑
In Savannah these days，when people talk about“the Book，”they are referring not to the Bible but to Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil，the best-selling suspense yarn by journalist John Berendt．（TIME，Apr．3，1995，p. 79）
最近在萨瓦纳市，当有人谈起《圣经》，并不是指真正的《圣经》，而是指《午夜的善恶花园》这本由新闻记者约翰?贝兰特所写的畅销悬念小说。
■yarn (n.)  故事，奇谈
symptom (n.) 征候，前兆
All this activity，many scientists speculate，may be a symptom that overall tectonic pressure in the region is increasing.（TIME，Jan．31，1994，p. 45）
许多科学家推测，这一切活动可能是加诸此地区地壳整体压力逐渐增强的征兆。
■speculate (v.)推测；tectonic (a.)地壳构造上的
threshold (n.) （事物的）开端
Those who will really pay for the fiasco are Mexico's emerging middle class，who had come to believe they were finally on the threshold of prosperity.（TIME，Mar. 6，1995，P．34）
真正得为这场经济危机付出代价的是墨西哥正在崛起的中产阶级，这批人先前一直以为他们终于要富起来了。
(n.) 门槛限制，税的起征点
Through a long chain of intermediary companies，Murdoch’s Australia-based News Corp．would own the remaining 24of the voting stock，just under the federal threshold.(Apr. 17，1995，P．45)
通过一系列中介公司，默多克以澳大利亚为大本营的新闻公司，将取得剩下的24有投票权的股权，此一比例刚好贴近联邦对此的门槛限制（25）。
transaction(n.)交易，买卖
The company's CyberCoin system will allow online “micro-transactions”, of as little as a quarter．（TIME，Oct．7，1996，P．40）
这家公司的“网络硬币”系统能让网络进行低至0.25元的“微量交易”。
transmission (n.)传递
After doctors determined that AZT could block the transmission of HIV to the fetus in some pregnant women，researchers wondered if they could make the therapy more effective．（July 8，1996，p．39）
医生确定AZT用于某些孕妇身上，可以隔绝艾滋病毒不传染给胎儿；于是研究人员就想法子看能不能加强这种疗法的效果。■block  (v.)围堵，阻挡；fetus (n.)  胎儿
treason(n.)叛国（罪）
He was sentenced to 15 years for high treason. （May.22, 1995. p.56）他因严重叛国罪判刑15年。
upheaval (n.) （社会等的）大变动，动乱
Or are they a precursor of the kind of climactic upheavals that can be expected from the global warming caused by the continued buildup of CO2 and the other so-called green-house gases？（TIME，July8，1996，P.40）
或者说那是某种气候剧变的前兆，而这种剧变可预测源自不断增加的二氧化碳及其他所谓的温室气体所引起的全球性温度上升。■buildup (n.)  逐渐增加
velocity (n.) 速度
The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle states that you cannot know a subatomic particle's exact position and its exact direction and velocity at the same time．（TIME，Nov. 28，1994，p. 78）
根据海森堡不确定原则，你无法同时知道亚原子粒子的确切位置及其确切方向和速度。
venture (n.) 冒险的活动，有风险的事业  (v.)冒险前去
No fan of the United Nations，Dole opposes U.S. participation in U．N．peacekeeping ventures and in nation-building exercises in third-tier countries like Haiti and Somalia．（July 8，1996，P．29）
多尔对联合国没好感，反对美国参与联合国维持和平的冒险行动，或第三世界国家，如海地和索马里，的建国活动。
■tier (n.)  层
visionary (n.) 有远见的人
The steadfast visionary who began his career by bringing land reform to his island had started to win more equal ground for Taiwan in the world's eyes. (TIME，Dec.25，1995 / Jan. 1，1996，p. 54)
这位以实行土地改革开始其政治生涯的坚定理想家，已经开始在世人的目光下为台湾赢得更公平的地位。
watershed (n.) 转捩点，开启新发展的关键   [同]turning point
In a watershed decision，the U.S. Supreme Court sharply restricted the ability of the Federal Government to fashion affirmative-action programs．(TIME，June 26，1995，p．23)
美国最高法院作出一项划时代的判决，明确限制联邦政府在制定鼓励雇用少数民族、妇女的赞助性措施方面的权力。
■fashion (v.)制造；affirmative-action 鼓励雇用少数民族、妇女的赞助性措施
windfall (n.)  意外之财
Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev visited Washington last week and came away with a windfall of＄311 million…（TIME，Feb. 28，1994，p. 13）
哈萨克斯坦总统纳札尔巴耶夫上周访问华盛顿，并带着3.11亿美元的意外收获离开。

Chapter7 进阶词 形容词、副词
abysmal (a.) 无底的，极差劲的  [同]dismal
There is no ignoring Cuba's abysmal state. In the three years since Soviet aid was virtually elimianated，the island's overseas buying power has dropped from $8 billion to $2 billion.
古巴糟糕的处境也不容忽视，自从苏联的援助形同废除之后，三年来古巴的海外购买力已从80亿美元降为20亿美元。
all-out (a.) 尽全力的，彻底的
Digital change has evolved from an amusing walk toward the future to an all-out sprint.
数字技术的进展已经从朝着未来的愉悦漫步，变成拼命向前的冲刺。
※sprint (n.)（长距离赛跑中的）冲刺
antagonistic (a.) 敌对的，不相容的
The antagonistic ants have been harassing (the U.S.) people，mostly in the South，for  decades.
美国人，特别是美国的南方人，已被这与之处处作对的蚂蚁骚扰了数十年。
apace (adv.) 急速地   [同]speedily swiftly
After a 32-year career pioneering the development of California's Silicon Valley，Noyce moved in 1988 to Austin to head Sematech，a government and industry research consortium working to keep the U.S．apace with Japan in semiconductor manufacturing technology.
诺伊斯在引领加州硅谷的发展32年之后，于1988年搬到奥斯汀主持Sematech机构，这是一个政府与企业联合组成的机构，宗旨是让美国在半导体的制造技术方面，快速跟上日本。
※consortium (n.) 联合机构
appalling (a.) 可怕的，遭透的
In an appalling demonstration of the mistreatment of recruits and their meager food rations，in March 1993 four sailors on Russky Island in the Fat East died of malnutrition.
入伍士兵所受到的不当待遇和稀少的食物配给，在1993年3月有了骇人的揭露，在这个月
远东区鲁斯岛有四名海军士兵，因营养不良而死亡。※meager (a.) 微薄的
astute (a.) 精明的 [同]shrewd
Lawrence Korb，an Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration，calls Powell“as astute a politician as I've met．”
里根政府的国防部部长助理科尔布称鲍威尔是“我所见过的最精明的政治人物”。
awry (a.) 背离正确方向的，异常的
Scientists are studying how genetic abnormalities that make hormone levels go awry may play a role in sexual orientation．
科学家正在研究，会导致荷尔蒙分泌异常的基因变异，对人的性倾向有多大影响。
※abnormality (n.) 异常，反常
（go）ballistic (a.) 勃然大怒的
In short，do household pets really have a mental and emotional life？Their owners think so, but until recently，animal-behavior experts would have gone ballistic on hearing such a question.
简言之，宠物是否真有心智活动与情绪反应？它们的主人对此都持肯定态度，但直到最近，动物行为专家听到这个问题，大概都还会勃然大怒。
benign (a.) 无害的，有利的
Private cars will virtually be banned―Mahathir envisions an environmentally benign metropolis---and replaced by a public transport system combining buses，metros，trams and ferries．（TIME，Dec. 4，1995，P．26）
马哈蒂尔拟想出一个“环保”大都市，几乎所有的私家轿车都不准驶入城内，取而代之的是一套结合公共汽车、地铁、电车及渡轮的公共运输系统。
breezy (a.) 轻快的，无忧无虑的
Invented at a time when optimism was in the air and hedonistic pleasures were beginning to be celebrated, the breezy little bikini shows no sign of growing up or growing old.（TIME，July 1，1996，p. 56）
在乐观主义弥漫、享乐主义开始盛行时，轻薄短小的比基尼就问世了。时至今日，比基尼完全没有长大或是过时的迹象。  ※hedonistic (a.) 享乐主义的
bulky (a.) 笨重的
They include the most bulky medalist-U.S. super-heavyweight freestyle wrestler Chris Taylor，…and the most petite----among there mothlike Chinese gymnast Li Lu．
他们当中包括块头最大的奥运奖牌得主―美国的超重量级自由式摔跤选手克利斯?泰勒，
还有体型最娇小的―其中有体态如蛾的中国体操选手李露。
※petite (a.) （女人）身材娇小的


cameo (a.) 短暂而精采的
He（Magic Johnson）made cameo appearances，first at the 1992 N.B.A. All-Star Game and then as a member of the USA’s Dream Team in the Barcelona Olympics．（TIME，Feb．12，1996，P．39）
魔术师约翰逊曾两度短暂露面，一次是1992年的NBA全明星赛，另一次则是入选巴赛罗那
奥运会的美国梦幻篮球队。
canny (a.) 精明的  [同]shrewd
The next step after getting a job was to find a women to marry，and Kennedy has settled this matter as well，finding someone chic，canny and appealing.
有了事业之后，下一步就是讨个老婆，而肯尼迪也解决了，找了一位时髦、精明、迷人的妻子。
chagrined (a.) 悔恨的，懊恼的
When Bush lost the 1992 election，Milt was chagrined.
布什输掉1992年总统选举时，米尔特很懊恼。
comely (a.) 漂亮的
Jacqueline Joyner came into the world in 1962 in godforsaken poverty in the town of East St．Louis，Illinois，and was named after the then President's comely wife．
杰奎琳?乔依娜1962年诞生于伊利诺州东圣路易市，家中一贫如洗，她的名字取自当时漂亮
的总统夫人之名。
※godforsaken (a.) 被上帝遗弃的，悲惨的
consecutive (a.) 连续的 [同]successive
Employees work 10-hour days，four days a week，with rotating day and night shifts．At the end of each three-week cycle, they get five consecutive days off. (TIME，May 6，1996，p．52）
员工每天工作10小时，一星期4天，并轮值白班及夜班。每3礼拜一循环之后，他们有5天的连假。※shift (n．）轮班（制）
cutthroat (a．)（竞争）激烈的  [同]ruthless
It's cutthroat，but not enough to concern game guru Eno，who predicts a booming future--in online games.
〔电脑游戏软件的〕竞争是很激烈，但还不足以让游戏软件大师伊诺担忧，因为他预测网络游戏未来会发展得很蓬勃。
cynical (a.) 愤世嫉俗的，觉得世间人都是自私自利的  [反]idealistic
Cynical，cool，Lennon was the eye of sanity in the Beatlemania hurricane．（TIME，Nov．20，
1995，p. 52）※sanity(n.) 神智清醒
列侬是愤世嫉俗又很冷静的那种人，在甲壳虫热的飓风中，他是平静的飓风眼。
deadpan (a.) 扑克脸孔的，不带个人感情的
Cook was a Cambridge undergraduate preparing for a career in foreign service when he joined the comic quartet known as Beyond the Fringe，wowing West End and Broadway stages in the 1960s with his deadpan surrealism.（TIME，Jan. 23，1995， p. 13）
60年代库克加入了名叫“非主流之外”的4人喜剧团，以不带个人情感的超写实主义风格，赢得伦敦西区剧院及美国百老汇的热烈喝采，当时他还是个剑桥大学生，正打算从事外交工作。
※quartet(n.)四人一组；fringe (n.）边缘位置，理念怪异或极端而不为一般人所接受的少数人; wow (v.)使（观众）高声叫好
demure (a.) 矜持的  [同]reserved
Demure and sexy at the same time，Brigitte Bardot at 21 stunned in a gingham bikini in the movie And God Created Woman．（TIME，July 1，1996，P．56）
矜持又性感的碧姬?芭铎在21岁时，于《上帝创造女人》一片中穿了一件格子布的小比基尼，
迷倒众生。
dubious (a.) 存疑的，不确定的  [同]questionable  uncertain
Wallerstein insists that“I have never told people to stay together at all costs，”and opposes tougher divorce laws for being of dubious value for the children.（TIME，Feb．27，1995，P．53）
华勒斯坦坚称：“我从未告诉人们无论如何都要厮守终身”，并反对制定更严格的离婚法，因为对孩子而言，仍难断定其中的得失。
edgy(a．)焦急的，焦躁的  [同]tense
The incident prompted the military to fortify the position and strengthen the troop force there．Still，the soldiers remain edgy．（TIME，Dec. 5，1994，p. 83）
这次事件促使军方于该驻地修筑防御工事并加强兵力，但士兵心中仍是焦虑不安。
※fortify（V.）：修筑防御工事于……
eerily (adv.) 怪异地
Your clone might be eerily like you，or perhaps eerily like someone else．
你的克隆体可能会跟你出奇地像，也可能和别人像得出奇。
※clone (n.)无性繁殖系的个体，复制（人）
engaging (a.) 吸引人的，有趣的
In a series of engaging dramas，Ryder grew up on film and matured in her skills.（TIME，Jan. 9，1995，p.64）
莱德在拍摄一系列动人的电影的过程中成长起来，演技日臻成熟老到。
engrossing (a.) 使全神贯注的，有趣的
Our discussion of sexual fantasies，adultery and homosexuality was so engrossing that more than four hours had passed before we noticed the time.
对于性幻想、通奸、同性恋的讨论实在太有趣以至于已过了4个多小时我们还没察觉。
feisty (a.) （虽然年老或有病在身，但仍）精力充沛的，强硬的 [同]spunky
Clinton has not named a replacement，but one possibility is Madeleine Albright，the feisty ambassador to the U.N．，who would be the first woman in the post.（TIME，Nov．18，1996，p. 31）
克林顿目前尚未提出新的人选，但可能是奥尔布莱特，即那位强悍又有干劲的驻联合国大使，如果没错，她将是第一位出任此职务的女性。
fickle (a.) 1（人）多变的；2（物）善变的 [同] 1capricious  [反] 2dependable
Fashion is fickle；fads are fundamental；careers are often brief. Except in Japan．There not only do quality and creativity reign，but stability rules. (TIME，Oct．9，1995，p．47）
流行瞬息万变；短暂是时尚的根本特性；职业的寿命经常很短。但日本例外。在那里，导致流行的不只是品质和创意，还有稳定性。
formidable (a.) 优秀的，杰出的
The small central African republic（Burundi）didn’t have a national Olympic Committee until 1993，but it has had formidable runners for several years…（TIME，Jan．8，1996，p．13）
布隆迪这个中非小国一直到1993年才成立国家奥委会，但多年来它一直拥有一批非常优秀的赛跑选手。
graphic (a.) （叙述）生动的，栩栩如生的  [同]explicit
Theater in the U．S. is filled these days with graphic homosexual stories．
最近的美国戏剧充斥着鲜活的同性恋故事。
grass-roots (a.) 民间的、基层的
His message…has helped make the Christian Coalition one of the most powerful grass-roots organizations in American politics．（TIME，May 1 5，1995，p. 28）
他的主张有助于使基督教联盟成为美国政坛最有力的民间组织。
hilarious (a.) 喧闹的，极可笑的
Easier to access are such less-trafficked（Web）sites as Ren＆Stimpy creator Spumco（www.spumco.com），with its hilarious Japanese pizza commercial．
较容易进入的是较少人上网的网站，如创作出《林和史亭比》的“史盘柯”，里面有令人笑破肚皮的日本比萨广告。
hip (a.) 内行的，时髦的 [同]trendy
Friends quoted in the press say Bessette is hip and determined，a natural socializer who knows how to get what she wants．
媒体引用碧瑟的朋友的话说，碧瑟时髦且意志坚定，是天生的社交高手，知道如何得到她想要的东西。
impromptu (a.) 即兴的，临时起意的 [同]spontaneous
The following day Coetsee paid an impromptu，unannounced visit to the world's most famous political prisoner.
翌日，科特西在没有预先声明的情况下，即兴走访了这位世上最著名的政治犯。
invincible (a.) 1无敌的；2（精神、理念等）不屈的，顽强的 [同] 1unbeatable
Some analysts were saying Netscape had an invincible lead in the browser business, even against Microsoft．
有些分析家说，网景在浏览器市场拥有所向无敌的领先优势，甚至微软也不是它的对手。
lackluster (a.) 乏善可陈的，平凡的
Sasser triumphed in their first debate，but Frist turned his lackluster performance into another sign that he wasn’t a smoothie from the big city. (TIME，Nov. 21，1994，p. 54）
在第一场演讲中，萨塞获胜，而弗利斯特的表现虽然乏善可陈，却让人了解到他的另一面，那就是他不是来自大城市的滑头小子。  ※smoothie(n.)油嘴滑舌的人
malign (a.) （影响）有害的，恶意的[同]harmful  [反]benign
Presenting four-year-old information and focusing on just one of China's hundreds of orphanages，it boldly concludes that“the pattern of cruelty，abuse and malign neglect…now constitutes one of the country's gravest human-rights problems．”
这份报告提供的是4年前的旧资料，而且焦点只放在中国数百家孤儿院中的一家，却武断地下结论说“对于孤儿的残忍、虐待和恶意忽视是中国最严重的人权问题之一”。
※grave (a.) 严重的
maverick (a. n.)不合流俗的（人），特立独行的（人） [同]outsider
Maverick director Ann Hui should feel flush now：her sweet，minor-key family drama Summer Snow just won four of Taiwan's Golden Horse awards，including Best Picture and Best Actress．（TIME， Jan．29，1996，p．42）
特立独行的导演许鞍华现在应该很有钱，因为她的温馨小品《女人四十》刚赢得4项金马奖，包括最佳影片与最佳女主角。
※flush (a.) （口语）很有钱的；minor-key较小规模的
mercurial (a．)善变的 [同]volatile
In contrast with the mercurial Campbell，Chretien projected a calming image to voters，buttressed by his plain-folks persona．
与性格善变的坎贝尔相比，克雷提昂给选民一个稳重的形象，而且他那平民作风更加强了这
种形象。  ※buttress（v）支持，加强
microscopic (a.) 非常微小的
LSD first won fame for its power，in microscopic doses，to induce hallucinations and a psychotic state.  LSD首度声名大嗓，是因为其仅服用极少药量，即可使人产生妄想和精神病的药力。
※hallucination (n.)幻想，妄想;psychotic (a.) 精神病的
nascent (a.) 初期的，刚开始的 [同]budding
The country’s nascent green lobby has found an ally in the 25-member Supreme Court，which has ordered several polluting factories to close．（TIME，Mar. 25，1996，P．46）
该国新组成的环保游说团体找到了并肩作战的盟友:25人的最高法院，该法院已下令几家造成污染的工厂关门。
nimble (a.) 1动作敏捷的；2聪明伶俐的，机警的   [同] 1sprightly  2alert
"I don't think you'd he interviewing me on this topic if we were any less nimble，”Gates told TIME．“You'd be writing our epitaph.”(TIME，Sept．16，1994，p. 41）
盖茨对《时代》杂志说：“假如我们动作稍慢一点，你们也不用就此问题访问我了，现在应该正在写我们的墓志铭才对。” ※epitaph (n.)墓志铭
no-holds-barred (a.) 为达目的无所不用其极的，无限制的
Cramer is a hedge-fund manager who for years has written a no-holds-barred financial column for a succession of magazines，most recently the two-year-old Smart Money．(TIME，Mar．6，1995，p.73）
克拉莫是一家投机性投资集团的经理，数年来陆续为多家杂志的金融专栏撰写文章，笔下据理直陈，毫无隐讳，最近的一家杂志是创刊两年的《智慧钱》。
oblivious (a.) 浑然不觉的〔反〕conscious
Chinese citizens have greater freedom today than they have had in 50 years．To be oblivious to that is foolish．(TIME，Mar, 25，1996，p. 15)
中国人民今天享有的自由远比过去50年多得多，如连这点都看不到就太愚蠢了
ostensible (a.) 表面上的〔同〕alleged
Some of the funds were not doing as well as they ought to have been，and many were wandering far from their ostensible mandates. (TIME，Sept. 30，1996，p. 48）
有些基金会的表现比预期差，而且很多已远远偏离投资人公开交付的任务。
※to wander from …偏离（正途、本题）
palatable (a.) 1美味的；2愉快的，可接受的〔同〕 1tasty   2acceptable  〔反〕unpalatable
The Clinton Administration has no intention of withdrawing，but it will reduce U．S．intrusiveness，and do everything it can to make the situation more palatable.（TIME，Nov.18，1996，p．32）
克林顿政府并无意撤回驻军，但会减少对民众的干扰，并竭尽一切力量来使整个情况较易为当地人所接受。※intrusiveness (n.)入侵，干扰
paltry (a.) 微不足道的
In 1993，84 of its diversified U.S. equity funds outperformed the market；in 1994 about 51did；last year the figure dropped to a paltry 21．（TIME，Sept．30，1996，p.48）
1993年，美国有84的不限类股股票基金获利率超过市场增长率；1994年这个比例是51；去年却滑落至微不足道的21。※outperform （v.）（表现）比……更出色
provisional (a.) 临时的，暂时的
Iraq was in provisional compliance with that significant U.N. requirement．（TIME，Oct．24，1994，p.34）伊拉克暂时遵守联合国那项重大要求。※in compliance with顺从，遵守


replete (a.) 充满的
It was clear that the concept of Hong Kong is replete with ambiguity.（TIME，Mar. 17，1997，P．22）很明显，“香港”这个概念相当晦涩不明。※arnbiguity(n.)充满歧义，含意模糊
resilient (a.) 韧性十足的，很快就能自创伤中恢复的
But the Japanese economy is so big and resilient that while it might stagger，it could absorb the quake’s blow.（TIME，Feb.6，1995，p. 45）
但日本经济非常强大，而且韧性十足，因此这次地震后日本经济或许呈现不稳，但终会挺过此打击。※stagger (v.)摇摇晃晃，蹒跚
riveting (a.) 有趣的，引人入胜的
The words were powerful，but not as riveting as the three Polaroid photos that Edwards later took at the West Los Angeles station house．（TIME，Feb．13，1995，P．44）
这些文字的叙述非常有力，但说到引人入胜，还不如爱德华后来在西洛杉矶车站所拍的3张宝丽莱照片。
runaway (a.) 增长快速的，势不可遏的
Since the runaway success of his book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind in 1993，he has written one best seller after another，selling an astonishing 6 million copies．(TIME，June 24，1996，p.46)
自从1993年以《超时空身心》一书一举成名，他接连写了好多本畅销书，销售达惊人的600万册之多。
saturated (a.) 饱和的
Its new Microsoft Home division，for example，is an attempt to leverage its position in the market for business desktops, which is becoming saturated and move into the so-called SOHO（small office，home office）market．(TIME，June 5，1995， p. 32）
例如，微软家庭部这个新部门的成立，就是企图利用微软在市场上的地位，在逐渐饱和的商用台式电脑市场上攻城掠地，并进入所谓索霍（小办公室、家庭办公室）市场。
※Soho：纽约曼哈顿岛休斯顿大街以南一地区，以先锋派艺术、音乐、电影、时装著名
savvy (a.) 精通的
In Moscow and St．Petersburg，…we call find only 100 people here and there who are Internet-savvy．（TIME，Feb．17，1997，p．47）
在莫斯科和圣彼得堡，我们东找西找，大概只能找到100人熟悉国际互联网。
seamless (a.) 无接缝的，组合完美的，浑然一体的
By creating a seamless global-economic zone, borderless and unregulatable，the Internet calls into question the very idea of a nationstate. (TIME，Jan. 15，1996，p. 51）
国际互联网创造出一个绵密无缝的全球经济区域，这个区域没有界限，无从管制，从而使人们对民族国家这个词的定义心存疑惑。
sinister (a.) 邪恶的
Our statesmen used to revile Hitler，Mussolini-large and sinister enemies，who wanted to take over the world.（TIME，Oct．27，1997，p. 60）
我们（美国）的政治家曾经攻击希特勒、墨索里尼――这些庞大邪恶的敌人都想统治全世界。
sleek (a.) （人）时髦阔气的；（汽车、房子等）造形典雅豪华的
More than half a million people will reside in Putrajaya and surrounding suburbs，and sleek commercial buildings will accommodate 135,000 workers. (TIME，Dec．4，1995，p. 26）
50多万人将会居住在〔马来西亚〕普特拉吉亚及其郊区，典雅豪华的商业大楼将容纳13.5万名工作人员。
stark (a.) （对比）分明的
That courthouse seriousness，however，is in stark contrast to the playful tone that Barksdale has set inside Netscape．（TIME，Sept．16，1996，p. 44）
但是法院里的严肃气氛与巴克斯代尔在网景公司内部营造的轻松气氛，形成鲜明对比。
staunch (a.) 坚定的
A staunch conservative on monetary policy，Tiemeyer nonetheless has supported European integration.（TIME，Feb. 24，1997，P.41）
提特迈尔在货币政策上是坚定的保守派，却支持欧洲统一。
steadfast (a.) 坚定不移的  [同]firm
An innocent person…will remain steadfast in denying guilt. （TIME, May 22，1995，p. 51）
无辜者必然宁死不肯承认有罪。
torrential (a.) 猛烈的，汹涌的
The flow of money into mutual funds this year is torrential，and has already set an annual record．（TIME，Sept．30，1996，p．44）
今年流入共同基金的钱潮称得上是波涛汹涌，而且已经创下年度纪录。


trailblazing (a.) 开路先锋的，大胆创新的
Thanks to Morrison's trailblazing success，black women are not only writing more; their books are being bought and read in droves. （TIME，June 17，1996，p. 41）
由于莫里森成功的开疆拓土，黑人女性不仅更辛勤写作，她们的书籍销售量与读者群也大幅
增长。  ※in droves成群结队地，大量地
ubiquitous (a.) 无所不在的
The city's seemingly ubiquitous statues of communist-era heroes…have been disdainfully torn down．Gone too are the metronomic boot clicks of the goose-stepping guard outside Lenin's tomb……(TIME，July 4，1994，P. 50）
市内原本似乎随处可见的共产主义时代的英雄雕像，已在人们的漫不经心中拆掉，列宁墓地卫兵踢正步所发出的有节奏的皮靴撞击声，也已消失。
※disdainfully(adv.)轻蔑地；metronomic (a.) 有节奏的，机械呆板的
unfathomable (a.) 深不可测的，难以理解的  [同] incomprehensible
For most adults，the very idea of considering children as sexual objects is an unfathomable deviancy．（TIME，Sept．2，199，p．41）
对多数的成年人而言，将儿童视为性的对象是匪夷所思的反常行为。
unfettered (a.) 不受拘束的  [同] unconstrained
We don't live under free，unfettered capitalism．Isn't that why we have antitrust laws？(TIME，June 5，1995，p. 52)
我们并非生活在自由、不受束缚的资本主义体制下，我们制定反托拉斯法不就是证明吗？
unscrupulous (a.) 无道德原则的，不择手段的 [同] unprincipled
Arguing that Gregorian chants cannot be arranged，EMI called the former monks“shameless and unscrupulous，”and refuses to pay (royalties)．(TIME，July 25，1994，P．73）
EMI公司坚称格利高里圣歌不可改编，指责改编这些圣歌的已还俗的僧侣“无耻、无格”，并拒绝付给他们版税。※arrange (v.)改编（乐曲、小说、剧本）
virtuoso (a.) 大师级的，精湛的(n.)名家，巨匠
Yamamoto calls himself a nomad in the fashion world，but he brings a visionary Eastern quality to whatever he touches．Last year he rang virtuoso changes on the ancient art of kimono design.（TIME，Oct. 9，1995，P．47）
山本〔耀司〕自称是时装界的游牧民族，但他能将梦幻的东方特质带进每个设计里。去年，他对“和服设计”这门古老的艺术，进行了大师级的精湛改革。
voracious (a.) 贪婪的 〔同〕insatiable
If we（banks）are dinosaurs，then we're putting competitors on notice that a new breed has evolved with a voracious appetite for expanded market share．（TIME，Sept．23，1996，p. 42）
如果我们银行是行将灭绝的恐龙，那么我们正在昭告竞争者，一种新品种的恐龙已经演化出来，它们的胃口很大，想占有更大的市场。  ※breed(n.)（动植物的）品种
wayward (a.) 不听话的，任性的〔同〕unruly  unmanageable
Four times out of five，the cause of a stroke is a wayward clot that blocks an artery and robs the brain of oxygen-rich blood．（TIME，Sept．16，1996，p. 48）
中风的发生，十有八九起因于一个不安分的血块堵塞动脉，使脑部无法获得富含氧分的血液。
whizzy (a.) 快速的，出色的
Netscape and Microsoft，whose Web-browsing software dominates the market，are currently engaged in a life-or-death struggle to be the first to introduce the newest and whizziest Internet embellishments．（TIME，Aug. 12，1996，p. 27）
网景和微软这两家主控网络浏览软件市场的公司正在进行一场殊死搏斗，抢先推出最新、最出色的国际互联网改良产品。※embellishment(n.)（使更有趣、更迷人的）装饰物
wistful (a.) 渴望的，企盼的
When Michael Jordan successfully returned to the game last year，the original M．J．felt somewhat wistful.
当飞人乔丹去年成功地重返赛场时，老招牌的魔术师约翰逊也忍不住跃跃欲试。

Chapter8 进阶词 动词
abide (v.)忍受〖同〗endure
In fact，interviews with Travers suggest little more than that she couldn't abide journalists and had little patience with people who yearned to elicit trivial，simplistic or self-evident answers from her.
实际上，特拉维斯在受访中所透露的不过是，她不能忍受报社记者，也受不了一些人专问一些很琐碎、简单或不问自明的问题。
◇yearn (v.)渴望elicit (v..)(从……)诱出(回答、笑声等)
abscond (v.)(带着钱等)潜逃
The owner of a Kobe sporting-goods store was arrested after allegedly absconding with ＄64，000in advance payments for Air Mazes (athletic shoes).
神户一家运动用品公司老板因涉嫌卷款潜逃而被捕，款项是Air Maxes运动鞋的预付金6.4万美元。
adapt(v.)改编，改写
It should be a snap to adapt a John Crisham thriller.
把格利森的惊险小说改编成电影，应该是件很容易的事。
◇snap (n.)容易的事
aggravate使……恶化
“Sanctions are not a sensible"choice，said Foreign Minister Qian Qichen.“They would only aggravate the crisis.”
外交部长钱其深表示：“制裁并非明智的抉择，只会使危机恶化。
annex(v..)并吞(土地)
He has threatened to restore Russia's imperial borders，annex Alaska，invade Turkey，repartition Poland，give Germany “another Chernobyl，”turn Kazakhstan into a “scorched desert.”
他扬言要恢复帝俄时期的疆界，并吞阿拉斯加，入侵土耳其，再次瓜分波兰，让德国人尝尝“另一个切尔诺贝利”核电站事件，让哈萨克斯坦成为“荒凉的焦土”。
◇scorch (v.)烧焦，使成焦土
apprehend(v.)逮捕〖同〗catch
After the U.S. embassy receives a tip，American agents and local police apprehend Youself in Room at the Su Casa west House.
美国大使馆收到线人情报后，美国情报人员和当地警方在苏凯撒公寓16室逮捕了尤瑟夫。
assail (v.)攻击〖同〗attack
Tensions between the two groups exploded last December，when People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals assailed an AIDS treatment that involved taking immune cells from a baboon and then killing it for autopsy.
这两个团体的紧张关系在去年12月终于爆发。当时“反虐待动物组织”(PETA )攻击一种艾滋病疗法，这种疗法要从狒狒身上取出免疫细胞，然后杀死拂拂作解剖。
◇baboon(n.)狒狒;autopsy (n.)尸体解剖
beef up (v.)加强〖同〗strengthen
The Vietnamese defense budget has recently increased nearly，50％，largely to beef up its air force with an eye toward protecting the reserves.
越南国防预算近来增加了近50％，大多用于增强其空军武力，而目的则是保护其矿藏。
bolster (v.)增强〖同〗strengthen
The danger is that otherwise healthy men will take sildenafil to bolster their sexual performance and then become psychologically addicted，unable to achieve an erection without it.
危险的是，本来健康的人也服用sildenafil来增加自己的雄风，养成依赖的心理，若不服用就无法勃起。
brandish (v.)(得意地)挥舞
AmEx clients could brandish their cards in 3.7million upscale establishments worldwide；Visa cards open 11million doors，Master Card 12.3million.
美国运通卡的使用者可以很得意地挥舞手中的卡片，因为他们是370万高消费者户的一分子；但维萨卡广开大门，接纳了1100万客户，万事达卡则有1230万名使用者。
◇upscale (a.)高消费阶层的
breach (v.)突破，攻破〖同〗violate
But in 1995rising temperature，allowed Aedes a Egypt mosquitoes to breach the coastal barrier and invade the rest of the country.
1995年气温上升，使埃及斑蚊突破沿海的屏，侵入这个国家其他地区。
bristle(v.)林立，树立\stand an end
A mountain range bristling with antennas harbors a maze of bombproof underground arsenals and shelters served by a tunnel 4km long.
天线林立的山脉中，隐藏着如迷宫般不怕炮击的地下军火库，以及有4公里长的隧道与外界连接的防空洞。
◇harbor (v.)隐藏maze n.)迷宫arsenal (n.)军火库brush aide(v.)漠视，不理会(问题等)〖同〗ignore I saw him(Kennedy)brush aside the doubts and point this nation toward great adventure.
我看到肯尼迪不顾这些质疑，把国家带往险境。
chasten(v.)(为娇正行为而)惩罚(人)，使变乖〖同〗discipline
These chastening experiences have caused governments to be more reluctant to provide the military contingents upon which the U.N.entirely depends.
尝过这些苦头，各国政府更不愿提供部队给联合国，而联合国完全依赖这些部队才能执行和平任务.
◇contingent (n.)代表团，派遣团
chide(v.)责备〖同〗scold
In his last public appearance，during the 1972World Series，he chided major league baseball for not having a black manager.
他最后一次公开露面是在1972年总冠军赛时，当时他抨击甲级队联盟连一个黑人领队都没有。
churn out(v.)大量生产\turn out
In one bedroom police found eight (software)coping machines that could churn out 130floppy disks an hour.
在一间卧房里，警方查获8部软件复制机器，这些机器每小时可生产130片软盘。
click (v.)发出”喀嗒”之声(n.)喀嗒声
Its (Netscape’s)killer application was a program that made navigating the Net as simple as pointing at what you wanted to see and clicking on it.
网景公司最厉害的应用软件，让遨游网络简便到只要按一下鼠标，就可以想到哪儿就到哪儿。
clobber (v.)猛击，痛击〖同〗hit
What researchers now realize is that to treat the joint disease they don’t have to clobber the whole immune system，just certain portions of it.
现在研究人员了解到，要治疗这种关节疾病并不需要猛攻整个免疫系统，只需针对某部分进行即可。
coincide (v.)同时发生
Disney's Toy Story is being given an especially big push to coincide with its video release，because Disney felt it had underestimated the marketing possibilities then the film was released in theaters last fall.
迪斯尼的电影《玩具总动员》，在录像带发行的同时发动超强促销攻势，因为迪斯尼觉得去年秋天该片在电影院上映时，公司低估了它的市场潜力。
confine(V.)限定〖同〗restrict
The coastal mountain ranges of Costa Rica had long confined dengue fever，a mosquito born disease accompanied by incapacitating bone pain，to the country's Pacific shore.
长久以来哥斯达黎加的登革热(一种由蚊子传播的疾病，伴随使人软弱无力的骨骼疼痛症)，一直被沿海山脉限制在该国太平洋沿岸地区。
◇incapacitate (v.)使虚弱，使无能为力consolidate(v.)合并
Murayama is pressing a more substantive gambit：to get the U.S.to consolidate some bases on Okinawa.
〔日本首相〕村山正在推行一个比较实际的策略，那就是要求美国将冲绳岛上的一些基地合并。
□	substantive (a.)实在的，实质的
contravene(v.)触犯〖同〗break
Proponents of the North American pact (NAFTA)argue that nothing in the agreement will contravene the GATT accord，if it is ever reached.
北美自由贸易协定的支持者辩称，这项协定若能实现，丝毫不会与关税及贸易总协定相抵触。
culminate (v.)到达(极点，指某件事情的结束)
There it (the Olympic torch)began an 84day，24，000-km odyssey that will culminate in Atlanta's Olympic Stadium at the climactic moment of the July 19opening ceremony.
奥运圣火自该地开始经过了84天、长达2.4万公里的旅程，全程的高潮是7月1s日在亚特兰大奥林匹克运动场的开幕典礼。
◇odyssey (n.)长期旅程;climactic(a.)最高潮的，顶点的
dabble (v.)涉猎，浅尝
But Bonnie Lu Nettles，who dabbled in astrology，believed it (their relationship)was fated in stars.
但对占星术有所涉猎的内托斯深信，他们的关系在星象中早已注定。
debilitate (v.)使(人)衰弱〖同〗weaken
More than half the 122patients in one study showed significant improvement without debilitating side effects.
在一项针对122名患者的研究中，超过半数的人病情有了显著的改善，而且没有出现使身体衰弱的副作用.
decry (v.)非难，贬抑〖同〗condemn
Abuse experts also decry the argument that a man's obsessive love can drive him beyond all control.
研究虐待问题的专家也谴责这种论点：男人爱得太深会失去理性。
◇obsessive (a.)沉溺的，无法自拔的
deluge (v.)使……大量涌至〖同〗flood
Disney Interactive has been deluged with calls from unhappy parents who purchased the Lion King Animated Storybook CD.IOM and were unable to get it to roar.
迪斯尼交互公司接到许多父母的投诉电话，因为他们买了狮子王动画光盘，却没办法使光盘运作。
despise (v.)鄙视
We don’t despise the veterans of America's 90's war，the Gulf War，we merely pity them.
我们不鄙视90年代参加海湾战争的美国老兵，只是可怜他们。
dissemble (v.)隐瞒(真正的意图)，掩饰(内心的感受)
They discounted his (Clinton's)womanizing and his dissembling about the draft because they like his energy and intelligence and the fact that he wasn't George Bush.
他们对克林顿的排闻与他对兵役问题的遮掩并不在意，因为他们喜欢克林顿的干劲与才智，而且因为他不是布什。
◇discount (v.)不予重视，同disregard；womanize (v.)(口语〕玩女人；draft (n.)服役，征兵
diverge (v.)分歧〖同〗part
Their paths diverged when Ben went East to get a master’s degree in business and Harold started building satellites on the West Coast.
后来，本去东部念商学硕士，哈洛德则去西岸制造卫星，两人分道扬镳。
diversify (v.)使多样化.〖同〗branch out
Says…a Nissan dealer who now also sells Fords："We'll never sell Toyotas，but there is definitely a move to diversify.Consumers want variety.”
一名兼售福特汽车的日产汽车经销商表示：“我们绝不卖丰田汽车，但确实有股力量要求我们的产品多元化；顾客总希望商品五花八门、琳琅满目。”
don (v.)穿上，截上〖同〗put on
Today’s bikini offers more support，and the body-conscious woman is able to don a bikini in confidence.
今天的比基尼给人体多一些支撑，让担心自己身材的女士敢穿上它。
dub (v.)命名〖同〗name
Many tore down traditional homes and uprooted venerable trees to build concrete dream houses using nearly every square meter of the plot.The new architectural model was dubbed "the monster house.”
许多人拆除老式建筑、挖起老树，几乎用尽每一平方米来建筑梦中的水泥之屋。这种新式建筑被称为“怪物屋。”
◇plot (n.)：土地
elude (v.)逃避〖同〗escape
But where Clinton imposed sanctions on firms doing business with Cuba，he infuriated allies like Canada but eluded a certain Republican trap.
但克林顿对于与古巴有生意往来的公司施加制裁，激怒了像加拿大这样的盟国，但也避开了共和党的某种圈套。
entertain (v.)抱有(信念、感情)〖同〗harbor
Many progressive，westernized Albanians had continued to entertain hopes for a rational settlement of the crisis.
许多改良派的、西化的阿尔巴尼亚人原本一直抱有危机会理性化解的希望。
entitle (v.)使有资格，使有权利
Ever since Franklin Roosevelt sat in the White House six decades ago…one U.S .tenet has never changed；if you are poor and eligible，you are entitled to cash paid by the Federal Government to improve your life.
60年前罗斯福总统入主白宫以来，美国有一项信条就始终维持不变：只要你是穷人，而且符合资格，你就有权领取联邦政府支付的现金来改善生活。
epitomize （v.)作为典范，代表）
There are hardly any major designers，who have not been influenced by the kind of American style Calvin epitomizes…
设计大师中鲜有不受到卡尔文所代表的那种美国风格的影响。
evaporate (v.)蒸发，消失〖同〗disappear
When Bill Clinton ran for president four years ago，he missed no opportunity to distance himself from incumbent George Bush's foreign policy.: Once he triumphed，though，Clinton's difference，evaporated like dew in July.
4年前，克林顿竞选总统时，从不错过任何一个机会来显示他与在任总统布什外交政策不同的地方；一旦选上，克林顿与布什的不同就像7月的露珠一样消失了。
extol (v.)宣扬
A brochure promoting investment opportunities in Kwangju touts its reputation as “the Vanguard of Democracy”and extols those citizens “who sacrificed so much against the past unjust regime in order to recover its freedom.”
为促进光州投资机会而制作的小册子中，以“民主先锋”之名来宣扬光州，也夸耀光州人民“为了恢复光州的自由，对抗不公正的旧政权，做过重大的牺牲”。
flout (v,)抗拒，违反〖同〗defy
Last July 4，Nye County commissioner Richard Carver,flouting federal law，used a bulldozer to break open a road in a national forest and then filed a criminal complaint against forest-service workers who tried to stop him.
去年7月4日，奈县行政长官理查德?卡.弗践踏了联邦法律，用推土机在国有森林里开出一条道路，并对试图阻挠他的林管局人员提出刑事诉讼。
flush (out)(v.)将……赶出隐蔽处
Only a week after ordering the Mexican army to flush out the Chiapas rebels from their mountain hideouts，Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo abruptly changed course and called off the troops.
墨西哥总统塞迪略下令军队将恰帕斯叛军赶出其山区根据地后才一星期，突然改弦易辙，召回军队。
foil (v.)阻挠，使受挫折
It's been a long time since the U.S.was on the right side of a good coup.Take this latest foiled attempt on the part of the Kurds and the CIA to knock Saddam Hussein out of power in Iraq.
很久以来美国都没能在外国成功的政变中押对宝。就以最近这次来说吧：库尔德族和美国中央情报局合作，想推翻伊拉克总统萨达姆政权的企图就受挫了。
garner (v.)获得收获〖同〗gather acquire
That was also the day the initial public stock offering for Netscape Communications，a company that had yet to turn a profit，instantly garnered＄2billion on the strength of one idea(World Wide Web).
也就在这一天，“网景通讯公司”的股票首次公开上市，网景还没开始赚钱，就靠着3W环球网这个概念汇集了20亿美元的资金.
gobble (up)(v.)大口猛吃，狼吞虎咽
After watching everyone from Microsoft to Meca Software gobble up online-banking customers，banks have became eager to prove that they're not headed for extinction.
眼看从微软到麦加软件等公司都大举抢夺联网银行的顾客，银行也开始急于向世人证明他们并非一意等着被市场淘汰。
◇to head…for…使…朝〔某方向)前进
grab (v.)怠匆匆、胡乱地做某事(如吃饭、喝饮料等)
Barksdale slipped into a suit,grabbed a quick breakfast and pointed his Mercedes toward Netscape’s Mountain.View headquarters.
巴克斯代尔穿上西装,草草用完早餐，然后开着他的奔驰车直奔位于山景城的网景公司总部。
gridlock (v.)交通堵塞
Japan's Intelligent Transportation System master plan calls for fully-automated cars to be plying the island nation's dreadfully gridlocked roadways by the year 2010.
日本的智能运输系统总体计划要求在公元2010年之前，全自动车辆可以在这个岛国拥挤不堪的道路中穿梭往返。
◇ply (v.)定期往返于……之间
grill (v.)在长时间内问许多问题，盘问〖同〗interrogate
Detectives who grill suspects in Homicide (TV series)do it with verbal cunning,not strong-arm bullying.
在《杀人》这出电视连续剧里，警察以巧妙的言词盘问嫌疑犯，而非动粗威胁。
huddle (v.)挤成一团〖同〗cluster
At 10a .m.a U.S.Coast Guard plane appears .
Hoping not to be seen，passengers huddle on the floor of the boat，which is slim with vomit and seawater.
早上10点，美国海岸警卫队的飞机出现，船上的乘客为了不被发现，全挤在船底舱里，那里布满了呕吐物和海水，粘糊一片。
◇slimy(a.)粘糊糊的
hurtle (v.)飞速前进〖同〗plunge
He was about to send a company with＄6billion in sales and 19，641workers-all＄70billion worth-hurtling in that direction.
他将率领着这家销售额达60亿美元，拥有19641名员工，总价值700亿美元的公司，循此方向全速前进。
impede (v.)阻止〖同〗hinder hamper
In many areas there was nothing to impede the terrible mud slides because the wildfires of 1993had destroyed all the vegetation.
许多地方都无物阻挡可怕的泥石流，因为1993年的数场野火烧毁了所有植被。
indict (v.)起诉〖同〗charge
Then last week Murayama got an agreement from the U.S .that American servicemen wanted in serious crimes can now be taken into Japanese custody before they are indicted，rather than afterward as was previously the case.
然后，上周〔日本首相〕村山取得美国同意，往后所有犯下重大罪行而受通缉的美国军人，都可在起诉前交给日本警方羁押，不必像以前一样必须等到起诉后。
◇custody (n)羁押，监禁
infringe (v.)侵犯(法律)〖同〗violate
The Indiana Democrat，who was worried that the ban might infringe on the rights of law abiding gun owners，had already voted against the bill.
这名印第安那州的民主党议员早就投票反对这项法案，因为他担心这道禁令可能侵犯了那些合法持枪者的权利。
inhibit (v.)阻止，抑制〖同〗restrain
The highly popular Prime Minister is committed to ending political corruption and trimming the vast web of economic regulations that inhibit imparts push up consumer prices and infuriate the U.S.
这名深孚众望的首相承诺消灭政府贪污，削减经济上绵密如网的管制规定，因为这些规定抑制进口、抬高物价，而且激怒美国。
◇trite (v.)调整，削减
invoke (v.)引用，求助于，召唤，使……浮上心头
He invoked the names of John’s parents and said how proud they would have been；once again many of those present were brought to tears.
他提起约翰双亲的名字，以及他们会多骄傲之类的话，使在场的许多人再一次热泪盈眶。
jolt (v.n.)剧烈摇晃，冲击
He added that a surge in short-terra rates could jolt the stock and bond market…
他又说，短期利率急速上升可能冲击到股市和债券市场。
languish (v.)(在株久的困境中)受苦，受折磨Chicken sales are down at markets and restaurants，and caged birds languish unsold in pet shops.
市场和餐厅鸡的销售量一落千丈，宠物店鸟笼里憔悴的鸟也无人问津。
leverage (v.)使(事情)变容易，使(事惰)更顺利进行(n.)手段，影响力〖同〗facilitate
We also try to energize the remaining people around increasing top-line growth，that is getting close to your customers，expanding the business you're good at and looking for opportunities to use technology to leverage the work.
我们也鼓励其他员工为公司更多地创收，如多多接近客户，扩展擅长的业务，以及找机会利用科技，使这项工作更顺利进行。
◇top-.line growth公司常用的财务报表，不论是balance sheet(资产负俊表)还是income statement(损益表)，其第一行(top line)都是revenue(收人)，最后一行(bottom line)则是纯利。所以top-.line growth 指的是营收增长.bottom line则是指损益情形，引申为总结。
mimic (v.)酷似，呈现……的形象〖同〗imitate
A rapid expansion of hot gas would mimic a nuclear explosion.
热气的快速膨胀会产生酷似核爆炸的效果。
molest (v.)骚扰，调戏〖同〗abuse
Don't molest crops,women or prisoners of war.
不损坏庄稼，不调戏妇女，不虐待战俘。
mushroom (v.)快速增长,快速蔓延
Faced with a mushrooming crisis，Yetltsin last week called for a new effort to sterns crime.
面对危机急速恶化，上周叶利钦采取了一项新措施以抑制犯罪活动。
negotiate (v.)顺利通过，成功越过〖同〗navigate
Trying to negotiate the curve around a sea of red ink，Amtrak announced that it would cancel more than a fifth of its service throughout the nation and trim，500employees.
为了安然度过亏损连连的危机，美国全国铁路客运公司宣布将减少全国1/5以上的营运业务，并裁减5500名员工。
◇a sea of大量的;red ink赤字，亏损trim (v.)削减
nibble (v.)(小口)咬
Rats and cockroaches nibbled at the torn flesh on his leg as he spent his nights in a bare brick cell，unheated even when the temperature fell to -7C.
他在空无一物的砖造牢房中过夜，温度降到－7℃也没有暖气。嶂螂、老鼠啃噬他腿上的伤口。
◇bare (a.)〔屋内)没有陈设的，空荡荡的
nudge (v.)轻推
Officials are trying to nudge the economy toward such higher-value goads as electronics and machinery.But so are competitors elsewhere in Asia.
政府官员正试图将经济推向诸如电子及机械等更高产值的产品上，但是亚洲其他地区的竞争对手也都在这么做。
override (v.)使无效，推翻(决定)〖同〗overrule
He persuaded Ronald Reagan to get the Philippines’Ferdinand Marcos to leave office but lined up votes to override Meagan’s veto of a bill imposing sanctions on South Africa.
他说服里根，把菲律宾的马科斯拉下台，却也在里根否决国会提出的制裁南非法案后，纠集议员推翻其否决。
◇to line up：组织
peg (v.)断定
Scientists pegged the age of the carbonate globules at 3.6billion years，strongly suggesting that they formed in crevices of the rock while it was still part of the Martian crust.
科学家将碳酸球的年代认定在36亿年前，这有力地说明了，它们是在石块仍属火星地壳一部分时在其裂缝中形成的。
◇crevice (n.)(窄而深的)裂缝
perch (v.)使坐在……
Masayoshi Esashi is perched proudly on the cutting edge of technology.
Esashi很骄傲自己致力于最先进的科技研究。
◇on the cutting edge of……致力于最先进的……precipitate (v.)加速(坏事的来临)〖同〗bring about hasten
At the same time，the overbuilding binge that glutted America’s skylines with vacant buildings has pushed the construction industry into a depression and helped precipitate a general credit crunch.
在这同时，抢建的热潮使美国的天际线上充斤着过多的闲置大楼的轮廓，促使建筑业陷入萧条,加速体信用危机的到来。
◇binge (n,)无节制的狂热行动；crunch (n，〕短缺，不足
prescribe (v.)开药方，规定
Oregon adopted the only measure，in the U.S.to allow doctors to prescribe lethal doses of medication to terminally-ill patients.
俄勒冈州采取了美国境内仅见的一项措施，准许医生开致命药立给病入膏肓的病人。
◇terminally (adv.)末期地
pursue (v.)走(路)
An increasing number of marital therapists believe it is their job to save the relationship rather than simply help each party pursue his or her chosen path.
愈来愈多的婚姻治疗师认为，他们的职责是挽救婚姻关系，而非简单地帮助双方各走各的路。
rankle (v.)使愤慨，使痛苦
Not only have Washington's harangues on human rights rankled，but there have been other sources of friction.
华盛顿在人权问题上大作文章，令对方不快，而且一直还有别的摩擦来源。
◇harangue (n.，v.)长篇大论的说教
ravage(v.)破坏，蹂躏
UNICEF plans to use that time to step up public health and education programs in 14war－ravaged countries，
联合国儿童基金会打算利用这段时间，促进14个受战火摧残的国家的公共卫生与教育计划。
◇to step up促进，提高
recede (v.)后退
During the past 100years，the sea level has risen 1ft.along the U.S.Atlantic Coast，causing beaches to recede between 200ft?and 300ft.on average.
过去100,美国大西洋沿岸的海平面已上升1英尺，造成海岸线平均后退了200到300英尺。
rehabilitate (v.)平反，恢复
Abu A1rub said he committed the crime on behalf of the militant Islamic group Hamas to rehabilitate himself after being accused of collaborating with Israel.
阿布?阿尔鲁表示，由于自己被控与以色列勾结，于是犯下这桩罪行，以示支持哈玛斯民兵组织，还自己清白.
◇collaborate (v.)(与敌国)勾结，通敌
reiterate (v.)重述，重申〖同〗repeat
Even before Secretary of State Warren Christopher traveled to Brussels to reiterate U .S.commitment to the Contact Group plan …the Pentagon was urging Clinton to cut his losses and compromise with the Serbs.
甚至在国务卿克里斯托弗俞往布鲁塞尔，重申美国对实行“接触团体”计划的承诺之前，国防部已在促请克林顿减少美国损失，并与塞尔维亚人妥协。
relish (v.)特别，欢(做……)〖同〗enjoy
They relish citing examples of overzealous enforcement (of federal regulation)：the sheep rancher who was fined＄4.000for shooting a grizzly bear that was attacking him…
他们特别喜欢引用一些过于严厉执行联邦法令的例子，例如牧羊场主人射杀了一只想攻击他的大灰熊，结果被罚款4000美元。
◇overzealous (a.)过份热心的
rendezvous (v.n.)会面约会〖同〗(v.)meet
Leeson had left Kuala Lumpur to rendezvous with his wife Lisa in the Malaysian resort town of Kota Kinabalu，and there…he boarded the plane in his own name.
里森先离开吉隆坡，到马来西亚的度假胜地哥打基纳巴卢与其妻丽莎会面，然后在那里以本名搭上飞机。
◇resort (n.)度假胜地
repeal (v.)废除(法律)〖同〗rescind You can outlaw technique，you cannot repeal biology.
可以立法禁止(某项)技术，但不能废除生物学。
◇outlaw (v.)宜布……为非法，禁止
replenish (V.)补充，补满〖同〗refill
The challenge for every prisoner，particularly every political prisoner，is how to survive intact，how to emerge undiminished，how to conserve and even replenish one's beliefs.
每一名犯人，尤其是政治犯，所面临的挑战，就是如何毫发无伤地生存下来，如何保持原有的威望重现江湖，如何保持甚至完善个人的人生信念。
revile (v.)谩骂,痛斥〖同〗hate despise
Meanwhile，the Bosnian Muslims revile them (peacekeepers)for standing by when women and children are shot.
与此同时，波斯尼亚的穆斯林痛斥维和部队眼见妇孺遭射杀仍袖手旁观。
revitalize (v.)再给予……活力，使复苏〖同〗revive revivify
While the California company reported a healthy 10%gain in third-quarter profits，most of its toy lines are mature,and for them to grow，they must be constantly revitalized，particularly in the US.
这家加州公司在第三季的获利仍稳定增长10％，但它大部分的玩具都已经达到市场成熟阶段，若要再增长，势必得不断赋予它们新生命力，特别是在美国市场。
rig (v.)以不正当手法操纵(比赛、选择等)，作弊
In late February he carne up with tentative agreements on improved medical care…，along with proposed reforms intended to make elections harder to rig.
2月下旬他对医疗保健体系的改进方案和使选举更难舞弊的建议改革方案，作出了初步同意。
scurry (v.)急匆匆地走
Like an array of ants，Haitians by the hundreds scurry up and down the dusty bans of Massacre River with their gallon plastic jugs?
就像群蚂蚁一样，成百的海地人在马萨克河尘土飞扬的岸边跑来跑去，手中拿着一加仑容量的塑料壶。
shell out 付款〖同〗fork out
Before long，Meeks had shelled out more than ＄25，000in legal fees.
没过多久，米克斯已付出超过2.5万美元的诉讼费。
simulate (v.)模仿，模拟
Medic，an Osaka-based software company，is selling a popular video game in which players simulate the experience of AIDS from HIV infection until death.
大阪一家叫Medic的软件公司正销售一种极为畅销的电子游戏盘，玩者可以在游戏里模拟体验艾滋病患者从染上艾滋病毒直到死亡的全部过程。
solicit (v.)请求，征求
When the White House close new Democratic National Committee members，it did not bother to solicit Jackson's opinion.
白宫寻找民主党全19委员会新委员的人选时，并未特别去征求杰克逊的意见。
spawn (v.)(大量)生产，引起
The result wars one of history’s headiest corporate ascents，as the ubiquitous Netscape Navigator browser helped spawn the world's starling online stampede.
结果是创下有史以来公司业绩攀升速度最快的纪录之一，无所不在的网景浏览器，造成争先恐后的上网热潮，震惊全世界。
◇stampede (n.v.)蜂拥上前，大量涌到
spearhead (v.)作……先锋〖同〗lead
As president of the International Green Gross／Green Crescent，a private organization intended to help coordinate global environmental initiatives,Gorbachev hopes to do nothing less than spearhead a drive to save the planet.
国际绿十字及绿弯月是个旨在协调全球环保行动的民间组织，戈尔巴乔夫身为这个组织的主席，希望做的不外乎带头发起拯救地球的行动。
stifle (v.)压制，遏制〖同〗repress
Critics charge that Gingrich is playing rightwing politic，trying to stifle funds for cultural projects that he and his allies dislike.
批评者指控金里奇正在玩右冀政治的把戏，试图让他和他那一帮人都厌恶的文化项目筹不到资金。
synchronize (v.)使……同步，使……一致
Seven persons were killed and at least 36injured in synchronized dawn attacks，when two explosive-laden vans blew up at British army checkpoints near Londonderry，in the northwest，and Newry，in the south.
这两桩同时发起的拂晓攻击，造成7个人死亡，至少36人受伤。当时两部装满炸药的厢型车，分别在西北边的伦教德里附近和南边纽里附近的英军检查站引爆。
torpedo (v.)破坏〖同〗sabotage wreck
Neither Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu nor the Arabs have torpedoed the search for Middle East peace.
以色列总理内塔尼亚胡和阿拉伯人都未破坏寻求中东和平的努力。
tout (v.)吹捧，吹嘘
Even fashion editors who tout couture's more fanciful currents on the pages of their magazines venerate Sander.
即使是在自己杂志上大力吹捧更奇巧的服装设计风潮的时装编辑，也尊敬桑德这位时装设计大师。
◇couture (n.)时装设计(业)；fanciful (a.)(设计等)新奇的;venerate (v.)尊敬，崇拜
traverse (v.)横越〖同〗cross
Anyone who wants to traverse the chamber has to crawl through a tight passage，lighted by a string of dim electric light bulbs，where dirt has been painstakingly cleared away.
凡是想穿过这间房间的人，都必须先爬过一道狭窄的通道，通道里有一排灯泡，光线幽暗，堆积的尘土先前费了好大功夫才清干净。
◇crawl (v.)(缓慢)爬行
trudge (v.)步履艰难地走
As the Israelis and Palestinians trudged toward accommodation，hope for progress shone on another front as well.
当以色列和巴勒斯坦步履维艰地迈向和解之时，在另一条相互对峙的前线也亮起和解的曙光.
trumpet (v.)大力宣传
In Los Angele this week Sego will be trumpeting the arrival of a 32-.bit version of Sonic the Hedgehog，a soaring game called Nights，and a Net Link telephone hookup…
本周，世嘉公司将在洛杉矶推出32位版本的“音速少年”、迅速走红的游戏“午夜”以及名叫“网络连接”的电话连接装置。
underscore (v.)强调〖同〗underline
To launch his fall line-and celebrate 25years in the business-he (Issey Miyake)put on an extravaganza in Paris，a long，lavish show that underscored a strong reason for his enduring career：complex technology made beautiful by artistry.
为了推出秋季系列服饰并庆祝进入这一行25年，三宅一生在巴黎举行了一场盛大时装表演，这场耗时且极尽奢华的时装表演，正说明了他之所以能在时装界屹立不动的原因，即他有将复杂的科技产品美化的艺术才华。
◇line (n.)系列产品;extravaganza (n.)豪华的演出
unravel (v.)散开，瓦解
His struggle against his homosexuality was unraveling both his marriage and his academic post in a religious school.
他在同性恋倾向中的挣扎,让他的婚姻和宗教学院的教职双双亮起红灯。
usher in预告，宣告……的到来〖同〗herald
By answering such questions，Lewis and other researchers hope to usher in an exciting new era in materials science，one based not on petroleum products like nylon and plastic but on proteins synthesized by living，growing things.
路易斯和其他研究员希望通过回答这些问题，宣告材料科学界一个令人激动的新时代的到来，材料科学的基础，不再是尼龙、塑料等石化产品，而是由鲜活的、正在生长的东西合成的蛋白质。
vilify (v.)污蔑，诋毁〖同〗malign
They branded her “an apostate appointed by imperial forces to vilify Islam.”
他们指责她为“帝国主义者派来低毁伊斯兰教的叛教者”。
◇apostate (n.)背教者，脱党者
vindicate (v.)证明……为正确、合理，辩护〖同〗justify
Those who were responsible for the operation now seemed desperate to vindicate their judgment in the face of overwhelming criticism.
这次行动的各责任者，面对势不可挡的批评声浪，如今都急于想为自己的判断作辩护。
◇overwhelming(a.)压倒性的，无法抵挡的
wink (v.)眨眼，使眼色
Nintendo won't say anything about its Internet plans right now except to wink and say，as Lincoln does，that it“will be making announcements in the near future.”
除了眨眨眼，然后像林肯一样说“会在不久的将来宣布”，任天堂目前还不愿对于它在国际互联网方面的计划发表意见。


Chapter9 进阶词 名词
advent (n.) 来临，出现  [同]  arrival   appearance
But with the advent of the drip-dry shirt and the frozen breakfast burrito，it became possible for any fellow，no matter how dometical1y challenged，to get out of the house on his own. （TIME，May 6，1996，P．53）
但是，伴随着随洗随干的免烫衬衫及冷冻的墨西哥馅饼早餐的出现，任何一个再不会做家事的家伙，都能够靠着一己之力打点一切，然后出门上班。
animosity (n.) 敌意，仇恨 [同]hostility
It is almost entirely the product of animosity between two men leading rival parties who are deeply jealous of each other.（TIME，Mar. 27，1995，p．36）
这可以说全是两个敌对团体的龙头老大互相仇视所造成的，双方都深深地忌恨对方。
antecedent (n.) 前例，先声   [同]precursor
In 1937，working in his kitchen，Stibitz cobbled together a primitive adding device out of drycell batteries，metal strips from a tobacco can，flashlight bulbs and telephone wires．Many consider it the earliest antecedent to the digital computer.（TIME，Feb. 13，1995，P.23）
1937年斯蒂比兹在厨房里，以数节干电池、香烟罐上取下的数条铁片、数个闪光灯泡、数根电线，草草制成一部原始的计算机；许多人认为这是数字电脑的先驱。
▲adding device计算机；to cobble together草草制成
aura (n.) 气氛，光晕  [同]air
Redford’s festival created an aura that welcomed young directors and persuaded Hollywood to do the same. （TIME，June 17，1996，p. 45）
雷德福德影展制造了欢迎年轻导演加入的氛围，也促使好莱坞效法。
behemoth (n.) 庞然大物，组织庞大的机构   [同]monster
The deal may spur more competition for Microsoft，but it removes the threat that the government will try to break up the behemoth. （TIME，July 25，1994，P．13）
这笔交易或许会给微软公司带来更多的竞争，但也解除了政府欲拆散这个庞大公司的威胁。 bulwark (n.) 防御工事，提防
One country's louse，of course，is another's bulwark against [fill in the ism：communism，nationalism，imperialism，capitalism].（TIME，Sept．23，1996，p. 35）
当然，对一个国家来说是恶棍的人，对另一个国家可能就是对抗〔什么主义自己填：共产主义、民族主义、帝国主义、资本主义〕的长城。  ▲louse (n.) 虱，卑鄙的人
bump (n.) （路面等的）隆起部分，喻困难
Says Christensen of Thailand's progress from low tech to high：“It's a long journey．There will be bumps along the way.”（TIME，Aug.5，1996，p. 42）  克里斯坦森说，泰国由低科技提高到高科技的过程：“是一条漫长的旅程，沿路将会有许多困难。”
carnage (n.) 大屠杀   [同] slaughter
The once shabby alleys leading to Provincial Government Plaza，site of the worst carnage in 1980，are now lined with trendy boutiques，while a sprawling shopping mall has just opened under the plaza.（TIME，Dec. 11，1995，p. 20）
通往省政府广场（1980年屠杀最惨烈的地方）的巷弄一度凋敝不堪，现在两旁排列着时髦的服饰精品店，而一条杂乱的商品街也刚在广场地下开业。
▲shabby (a.) 残破的，破旧的；trendy (a.)时髦的
catalyst (n.) 触媒，催化剂
But the innocence and trust of the young that most adults celebrate and nurture are powerful catalysts for the sexual fantasies of pedophiles．（TIME，Sept．2，1996，p. 41）
孩子的天真无邪与对人的信赖，向来为大部分成人所歌颂且悉心培育，却也是刺激恋童癖人士产生性幻想的两大诱因。
censure (n. v.) 责难 (n.) condemn   (v.) condemnation
As he demonstrated in the award-winning This Boy's Life（1989），Wolff knows exactly how to find and then walk the line between self-censure and self-pity,（TIME,，Oct．31，1994，p. 81）
正如沃尔夫在1989年获奖的《这男孩的一生》一书中所展示的，他清楚地知道自责与自怜之间的界线，并懂得如何悠游其间。
charisma (n.) （使大众信服的）超群魅力   [同]magnetism
Because of his high profile and charisma，and because of his own admission that he engaged in numerous unprotected sexual encounters，Johnson has probably done as much to educate the public about AIDS as anybody.（TIME，Feb．12，1996，p．40）
由于他的高知名度以及独特的超群魅力，加上他公开承认有过数不清的危险的性行为，约翰逊对普及艾滋病教育的贡献绝不比别人来得少。  ▲high profile高知名度

chic (n.) 流行 (a.) 时髦的
Now Chinese chic has become Hollywood's latest mania．Ang Lee is an Oscar front runner for his first studio film，Sense and Sensibility. （TIME，Jan. 29，1996，p. 40）
好莱坞最近流行中国热，李安第一次替制片公司拍的《理智与感情》，就让他成为奥斯卡奖的热门人选。   ▲front runner比赛中最有可能的夺标者；  studio (n.) 电影制片公司
conglomerate (n.) 大型综合企业
Few American communities of any size have more than a single newspaper，which is frequently owned by a distant conglomerate. （TIME，Feb. 10，1997，p. 56）
美国乡镇不论大小，大都只有一份报纸，而且往往归远方的报业集团拥有。
contingency (n.) 突发状况    [同]possibility  eventuality
The doctor，who is something of a gadget freak，was equipped for any contingency.（TIME，Sept．23，1996，P．43）   这位爱好小器械成癖的医生备有应付任何突发状况的装备。
▲freak (n.)  [与修饰语连用]（……的）爱好者
contraption (n.) 奇妙的设计   [同]gadget
For quick acceleration and hill climbing，the turbine is linked to a flywheel，an energy-produring and energy-storing contraption that is at least as old as the first potter's wheel．（TIME，Sept．23，1996，p. 41）
为了瞬间加速或爬坡，涡轮机还连接飞轮。飞轮是一种可以制造与储存能量的奇妙装置，其历史与最初的陶工旋盘一样久远。
corridor (n.) 人口密集地带
It was for Asia the celestial event of the decade：total eclipses…occur somewhere on the globe every one to two years，but rarely are they visible along such a densely populated corridor. （TIME，Nov.6，1995，p．21）
对亚洲来说，这是近10年来的天文盛事：全球每一两年就会发生日全食，但很少像这样发生在人口稠密地区。
coup (n.) 大成功，大成就
In an impressive coup，she was on the September cover of both Vogue and Harper's Bazaar.（TIME，Dec．26，1994，P．157）
她登上《时尚》、《哈泼》两份杂志的9月号封面，是她个人生涯中令人赞叹的巨大成功。
dearth (n.) 缺乏  [同]lack
And though Hou is proud of his films，he thinks the dearth of commercial films is hurting Taiwan cinema.（TIME，Jan．29，1996，p. 43）
侯孝贤虽以他的电影为荣，但也认为商业电影的缺乏正损害着台湾的电影业。
detractor (n.) 恶意批评者，诽谤者  [同]critic
Barbie may not be everyone's favorite companion―detractors love to hate her plastic perfection―but the fashion doll with the impossible figure has long been the most popular girl at Mattel．（TIME，Nov. 11，1996，p. 36）
芭比娃娃也许不是所有人心爱的玩伴――批评者喜欢攻击她塑料制的完美造型――但这个身材只应天上有的时装洋娃娃，长久以来一直是美泰儿公司最受欢迎的女孩。
dominion (n.) 支配
The deal immediately raised questions about whether Gates who has near monopoly control of the PC software industry and is moving aggressively into computer networking，is planning to extend his dominion into graphic images as well．（TIME，Oct．23，1995，P．66）
这项交易立刻就引起了一些疑问：是否盖茨在几乎已独占个人电脑软件工业以及积极进入电脑网络领域之后，还打算控制图形图像领域？
downsizing (n.) 公司裁员缩编
He（Major）eased off on the giant welfare cuts and industrial downsizing.（TIME，May 12，1997, p. 35）在大幅削减福利支出和企业界的裁员缩编上，梅杰放慢了脚步。▲to ease off 缓和
episode (n.) 插曲，事件
Although civilian rule was restored to South Korea in 1993，the wound inflicted by the Kwangju episode has yet to heal．（TIME，Dec. 11，1995，P．20）
韩国已在1993年恢复文人统治，但是光州事件所造成的创伤仍有待抚平。
errand (n.) 差使，跑腿
His father, a carpenter，died when Paavo was 12，and the boy，eldest of five children，had to quit school and work as an errand runner，pushing a heavy wheelbarrow through the streets．（TIME，June 24，1996，p. 66）
帕沃的父亲是位木匠，在他12岁那年就去世了，而他是家里5个小孩中的老大，因此必须辍学并找了份跑腿工作，推着很重的独轮车在街上跑。
ethnic group  少数民族
According to several statistical measures of intelligence，people of Asian and especially Chinese descent consistently outscore other racial and ethnic groups.（TIME，Sept.11，1995，p. 60）
根据几项智力测验的统计显示：亚裔，尤其是华裔，在各项测验里领先其他少数民族，绝少例外。▲outscore (v.) （表现）比……出色
excursion (n.) 出游，涉人
Crichton’s other major excursion into cutting-edge science involves the trendy field of complexity... （TIME，Oct.2，1995，P，45）
克赖顿所涉足的尖端科学领域还包括今日最风行的“复杂理论”。
▲cutting-edge (a.)尖端的，最先进的；trendy (a.）最时髦的，走在流行尖端的
fad (n.) 一时的流行，时尚 [同]craze
Her legacy can be seen in every presidential candidates who discuss their marital problems on TV to the fad for crash diets. （TIME, June 17, 1996, p.27）
她的影响力所及，从在电视上大谈自己的婚姻问题的总统候选人，到风行一时的快速减肥食谱，无所不包。▲crash (a.)速成的
feat (n.) 事迹，成就 [同]accomplishment
It’s worth noting that establishing growth at a company the size of IBM―with＄72 billion in sales last year，it is the 18th largest on the planet―is no mean feat.（TIME，NOV．4，1996，p. 49）
值得一提的是，像IBM这种规模的公司―去年以720亿美元营业额排名世界第18大企业―要促使其发展绝非易事。▲ no mean了不起的，不容易的
fold (n.) 控制范围，原意为“羊圈”
Republicans want to slash that rate（of Medicare）dramatically. Bill Clinton's advisers believe this is the issue that will bring elderly Americans back to the Democratic fold next year. （TIME，May 22，1995，P．36）
共和党想大幅削减（医疗保健方面）预算比例，克林顿的顾问深信，此举正可使美国老人于明年选举时重回民主党怀抱。
forum (n.) 公开讨论场所
She helped bring such topics as child abuse，homosexuality and marital dysfunction out of the closet and into the public forum．（TIME，June 17，1996，P．27）
她把虐待儿童、同性恋与婚姻障碍这些原属私下密谈的议题搬出来供大众讨论。
▲to bring-out of the closet把……从隐秘状态转为公开；dysfunction (n.) 机能障碍
fray (n.) 争论，争吵，骚动
Members of the NASA-led team arrived in Washington fully prepared to enter the fray. （TIME，Aug. 19，1996，P.41）
由美国航空和航天总署领导的研究小组，有备而来抵达华盛顿，准备投入这场论战。
gadget (n.) 精巧的小器械   [同] appliance
To see about this technology for myself，I spent some time using one gadget，Philips Magnavox's WEBTV.（TIME，Mar. 10，1997，P．49）
为了亲身体验这项科技成果，我花了些时间使用其中一种机型，即飞利浦Magnavox牌的网络电视。
gambit (n.) 手段，招式  [同]ploy   tactic
Specter's pro-choice gambit may be less appealing when women are reminded of his role as Anita Hill's grand inquisitor during the Clarence Thomas hearings．（TIME，Mar. 13，1995，P．66）
在克拉伦斯?托马斯听证会上，有人提醒妇女们，斯佩克特曾是安尼塔?希尔一案的大法官，这可能会使他所走的支持堕胎这步棋的功效大打折扣。
▲pro-choice (a.)赞成堕胎的，相反词是pro-life
geek (n.) 电脑狂，怪胎
Programmers who find the market for Windows software increasingly crowded and unprofitable see fresh opportunities to make their mark in Java．“The geeks are buzzed…It's like a whole world just opened up to us．”（TIME，Jan．22，1996，p. 42）
程序设计师发现，视窗软件的市场愈来愈饱和，且愈来愈无利可图，但在“爪哇”程序里，他们看到了能够占有一席之地的新商机。“电脑玩家都为之疯狂，就好像整个世界在我们眼前敞开一样。”  ▲to make one's mark 扬名，成功
glut (n.) 过量，供过于求 [同]surplus
The House of Representatives last week passed a series of legal-reform bills intended to discourage frivolous lawsuits，of which there is alleged to be a glut.（TIME，Mar.20，1995，p．13）
上星期众议院通过了一系列司法改革法案，以遏止人们打一些无关紧要的官司，据说人们打官司已到了泛滥的地步。  ▲frivolous (a.)无意义的，不重要的


gorge (n.) 作呕，厌恶
In the interest of participatory journalism，I swallowed my rising gorge and tried（Doom computer game）again.（TIME，Dec. 18，1995，p. 60）
为了写一篇亲身感受的报道，我硬是咽下了那愈来愈强的厌恶感，再玩一遍“毁灭战士”电脑
游戏。  ▲in the interest of为了；journalism (n.) 新闻写作
hacker (n.) 黑客，电脑程序专家
The transformation that has set Microsoft on the road to a Net-based future has also completed Gates’ beatification as not just a great hacker but also a world-class CEO．（TIME，Sept.16，1996，P．41）
让微软转轨，迈上通往以网络为主的未来世界的道路，此举也完成了盖茨个人的神话，使他不仅是超级“黑客”，更是世界级的总裁。
▲beatification (n.) （天主教）以教令宣告某死者因功德已升天列入“真福品位”，有资格受到大家的尊崇。
hardler (n.) 处理者，经手人
Some captured radio operators，ordered by the North Vietnamese to ask for more agents，managed to signal to their CIA handlers with code words that they were being held．（TIME，June 24，1996，P.25）
有些被北越俘虏的无线电发报员，被北越命令发出增派情报员的要求，但他们成功地以密码告知中央情报局联络人他们被俘的消息。
haven (n.) 避难所  [同]refuge
Meanwhile，NATO Defense Ministers approved a plan of intensified retaliation against Bosnian Serb violations of cease-fire and safe-haven agreements，a move that some fear may only widen the war．（TIME，Oct．10，1994，p. 19）
同时，北约国防部通过了为防止波斯尼亚的塞尔维亚人破坏停火和安全避难区协议而制定的加强报复计划，只是此举恐怕只会更加扩大战争。
heretic (n.) 异端
He has been called a fascist，a heretic and shenjingbing，a lunatic.（TIME，Feb. 20，1995，P. 61）  他一直被称作法西斯分子、异端和神经病。
holdout (n.) 拒不合作者，拒不参加者
The R．S．V．P．s are in，and 196 of the 197 nations invited to Atlanta have said yes．（Even
holdout North Korea is wavering．）（TIME，Jan. 8，1996，P. 13）
根据收到的回函，受邀的197个国家里，已经有196个答应参加亚特兰大奥运会（连唯一说不的北朝鲜也开始犹豫了）。
▲R.S.V.P.法文répondez s’il vous pla ? t（请回复）的缩写，即“回函”之意；waver (v.) 意志动摇，犹豫不决
hook-up (n.) 连线装置
MCI and the Japanese telephone company KDD donated an estimated＄20 million to the cost of the 45-megabit-per-second data hook-up．（TIME，Mar. 11，1996，p. 35）
MCI公司和日本电话公司KDD捐赠了约2000万美元来建设这条每秒可传45兆位资料的连线装置。
iconoclast (n.) 反抗或破除传统者
Yet this unbending iconoclast lived a life of such relentless personal rectitude and brought such unmatched excellence to his many Olympic races that he won far more of our experts’ votes as the greatest Olympian than any other athlete．（TIME，June 24，1996，p．66）
但是这个个性不屈不挠、打破传统的人，终其一生过着严谨的清廉生活，且在多项奥运比赛项目中创造出无与伦比的成绩，所以获得我们专家最多选票，荣膺“最伟大的奥运选手”。
▲unbending (a.)坚定的，不屈不挠的；relentless (a.)不屈不挠的；rectitude (n.) 操行端正，正直
indignity (n.) 屈辱   [同] humiliation
This son of a Georgia sharecropper endured unspeakable indignities and taunts to become baseball's first black player.（TIME，Apr. 28，1997，p. 100）
这个佐治亚州佃农的儿子，忍受了无法言喻的屈辱和嘲讽，才成为第一位黑人棒球选手。
▲taunt (n.) 嘲笑，奚落
insurgent (n.) 叛军   [同] rebel
Politicians had no credibility with slap-together committees of insurgents.（TIME，Mar. 24，1997，p. 29）      政治人物在乌合之众的叛军委员会之前毫无可信度。
▲to slap together草草拼凑，slap-together是其形容词义
interlocutor (n.) 对话者
Without America，Great Britain and France cannot sustain the political balance in Western Europe；Germany would be tempted by nationalism；Russia would lack a global interlocutor. （TIME，Mar. 14，1994，p. 73）
没有美国，英、法无法维持西欧的政治均势，德国将为民族主义所诱而步入歧途，俄罗斯将缺少一位全球级的对话伙伴。
juggernaut (n.) 可怕、不可抗拒的力量
Many Americans see Japan's economic juggernaut as a continuation of war by other means．（TIME，Dec. 2，1991，p. 70）
许多美国人认为日本可怕的经济力量是以另一种形式延续的战争。
lever （n. ）手段，方法
The U.S. has abandoned the trade weapon as a lever to improve human rights in China．（TIME，June 13，1994，p. 13）    美国已不再以贸易武器作为改善中国人权的手段。
minimalism (n.) 简约主义
One could even argue that Klein's elegant take on minimalism has came to define the look of the late 20th century in the U.S.（TIME，June 17，1996，p.18）
我们甚至可以说，克莱因对简约主义的优雅尝试，已经主宰20世纪晚期美国人的穿着。
▲take (n.) （俚语）尝试，努力
nausea (n.) 恶心，反胃
The FDA has approved the first-ever vaccine for hepatitis A，which afflicts up to 150，000 Americans annually with fever，aches，nausea and vomiting．（TIME，Mar．6，1995，P ．25）
美国食品和药物管理局已批准了有史以来第一个甲肝疫苗，美国每年有15万人染上肝炎，伴随发烧、疼痛、反胃、呕吐的症状。
nostalgia (n.) 乡愁，怀旧之情
Popular for its satirical tone，All My Children tried to capitalize on viewer nostalgia last January，when it celebrated its 25th anniversary．The show spent a week reviewing in flashback its quarter century on the air.（TIME，May 29，1995， P．73）
因讽刺风格而备受欢迎的电视节目《我的孩子》，今年1月欢度25周年，并试图利用观众的怀旧情绪替节目造声势。该节目花了一星期播放过去25年中的回顾片段。
▲review (v.) 回顾；flashback (n.) （小说、戏剧等）倒叙
novice (n.) 初学者，新手   [反] old hand
While some nations immediately supported the idea，others completely missed the point of Malamud's vision：to make the fair a public-works project that focuses on what the Internet can offer expert or novice．（TIME，Mar．11，1996，p. 35）
有些国家二话没说就表态支持，有些国家却完全没有抓到马拉默德的着眼点：就是要使这个博览会成为一个公共工程，此工程重点在国际互联网能为专家或新手提供什么服务。
omniscience (n.) 全知
（Deep）Blue's omniscience will make it omnipotent. It can play-fight-with the abandon of an immortal．(TIME，Feb．26，1996， P．42）
电脑“深蓝”的无所不知将使它无所不能，它可凭借其永不消失的豪情而恣意嬉戏，尽情作战。
▲abandon (n.) 放纵，无拘无束
outlay (n.) 费用，支出
But those hoping for new or even replenished foreign-aid outlays should not hold their breath；there will be little money to throw at problems.（TIME，Nov. 18，1996，p. 33）
但是如果你希望有新的对外援助经费，甚或只是补足差额，你也不应该期望过高，因为没什么钱可用以解决这些问题。     ▲to hold one's breath（因焦急或兴奋地等待而）屏息
paranoid (n.) 被迫害妄想狂者，偏执狂者
Andy Grove，the Intel CEO，…has distilled the essence of competing in a high-tech world down to a single sentence：“Only the paranoid survive.”（TIME，Sept．16，1996，p. 41）
英特尔总裁葛罗夫把高科技界竞争的真缔浓缩成一句话：“只有偏执狂才能生存。”
▲distill (v.) 蒸馏，提炼
pariah (n.) 被社会唾弃者    [同] outcast
For decades South Africa was an international sports pariah．（TIME，Aug. 19，199，p. 51）
数十年来南非一直是国际体坛的弃儿。
pestilence (n.) 瘟疫   [同] plague
Soon the bikini was causing international incidents．France's Mediterranean neighbors reacted as if some pestilence were spreading．Italy and Spain forbade bikinis on their beaches．（TIME，July 1，1996，p. 54）
没多久，比基尼惹出一些国际事件来。法国的地中海邻国的反应仿佛它是瘟疫。意大利和西班牙都禁止境内的海滩出现比基尼。
pilgrimage (n.) 朝圣之旅，长途旅程
They（Religions）tell us that something is waiting for us on the other side，that death may be a pilgrimage and not a destination，that the afterlife is a warm awakening after the fretful dream of life．（TIME，Aug. 8，1994，p. 68）
各种宗教告诉我们，某物在彼岸等着我们；死亡代表的是一条长途旅程的开始，而非终结；来世是一场温馨的苏醒，脱离充满烦恼的如梦现世。  ▲fretful (a.)苦恼的
ploy (n.) 策略，手法
It was a familiar ploy for Sun's Joy，who helped foster the growth of the Internet itself in the early 1980s by shipping free Internet Protocol software with every Sun computer. （TIME，June 22，1996，p. 44）
这个策略对太阳公司的乔伊来说一点也不陌生，他曾在80年代初期，在每部太阳公司出产的电脑当中，载入免费的国际互联网所需的通讯协议软件，借此促进国际互联网的增长。
precursor (n.) 先驱，前辈；预兆，前兆    [同] forerunner
Under the tutelage of Dan Leno，London’s most beloved comedian and a precursor of Charlie Chaplin，Lizzie became a star…（TIME，May 29，1995，p．52）   丹?莱诺是伦敦最受喜爱的喜剧演员，也是卓别林的前辈，利齐就是在丹?莱诺调教下，成为熠熠明星。
prowess (n.) 好本事，英勇
Japanese corporations were quick to seize the chance of putting their technological prowess on show.（TIME，Mar. 11，1996，P．35）
日本企业抢先抓住机会，将他们的科技本领拿出来展示一番。
pundit (n.) （常出现于媒体的）专家，权威     [同] expert
Some pundits speculate that many computers are obsolete before they're even designed，which goes a long way toward explaining why the ATM at my grocery store never works．（TIME，Nov. 11，1996，p. 16）
有些专家推测，许多电脑在被设计出来之前就已经过时了，这个原因颇能够解释为什么在我买东西的那家日用品商店里的自动提款机从来没有正常过。
▲to go a long way toward…  对……大有作用，大有帮助
qualm (n.) 良心不安
They have no qualms about bestowing their inner life on a dozen members of the next generation. （TIME，Mar. 10，1997，p. 41）
他们对于将自己的内心思想分赠与十数个下一代成员一点也不觉良心不安。
rancor (n.) 怨恨，伤痛      [同] bitterness
The nuclear material was made in Russia，and both Washington and Almaty（Kazakhstan's capital）knew they had to gain Moscow's approval for the unprecedented transfer．It did come，and apparently without rancor，in June. （TIME, Dec．5，1994，P. 38）
这些核物质是俄国所制造，而华盛顿和阿拉木图双方都知道：这个前所未有的转让行动，必须获得莫斯科首肯；今年6月莫斯科真地答应了，而且显然答应得不带任何怨恨。
rebuke (n.) 斥责，训诫       [同]reprimand
In a surprising and embarrassing rebuke to the Justice Department，a federal judge rejected the government's antitrust settlement with Microsoft，the world’s largest computer software company．（TIME，Feb．27，1995，P．11）
一名联邦法官对司法部作出了一份令该部意外又难堪的谴责性判决，判决中驳回了政府与世界最大电脑软件公司微软的反托拉斯协议。
redoubt (n.) 避难所，庇护所   [同]haven
In the past decade，an economic megaboom on this offshore Nationalist Party redoubt has produced one of the world's largest nest eggs of foreign-exchange reserves．（TIME，Dec．25，1995/Jan. 1，1996，p. 54）   过去10年，这个国民党的海上避难所，经历超级经济繁荣，已积累出全球数一数二的外汇储备。
remnant (n.) 残余物
The setting [of the wedding] was one of the wild，unspoiled sea islands off Georgia―to visitors，they seem like remnants of the New World as it was before its discovery．（TIME，Oct. 7，1996，p. 42）  佐治亚州外海上有数座未遭人为破坏的原始海岛，婚礼的地点就在其中一座海岛上；在访客眼中，这些海岛就像是新大陆还未被发现前的几块净土。▲unspoiled (a.)未丧失原有自然美的
reprimand（n．v．）斥责，训诫   [同](v.)admonish
The Navy claims it punished Meyer with a letter of reprimand that effectively ended his career.（TIME，Aug. 15，1994，p．37）    海军当局声称已以一纸训诫函惩罚了梅尔，而且事实上梅尔也因这纸训诫函结束了海军生涯。
rigor (n.) 折磨，严厉
A committee of Taiwanese curators and university scholars…examined the works that were ready to be crated and requested that certain pieces considered too fragile to withstand the rigors of travel be withdrawn. （TIME，Apr. 1，1996，p.47）
由台湾各博物馆馆长与大学学者组成的一个委员会，检视这些即将装箱的宝物，要求把其中一些被认为太脆弱而不堪旅途折腾的作品撤下来。
▲curator (n.)（博物馆等的）馆长；crate（v．）用箱子装
scourge (n.) 天谴，灾难
Earlier this century，breakthroughs in antibiotics inspired similarly confident predictions that the ancient scourges (infectious diseases) would soon be eradicated．（TIME，May 27，1996，p. 67）
在本世纪早期，抗生素方面的突破，引发了同样乐观的预测，以为自古以来人类认为是天灾的一些流行病即将被消灭。▲eradicate (v.) 根除，消灭
shackles (n.) 束缚
As for Ted Turner，the merger liberates his lofty ambition from the shackles of cash-strapped circumstance.（TIME，July 29，1996，p. 43）
对特纳而言，这次合并使他得以一展雄心壮志，不再受资金短缺的束缚。
▲merger (n.) （组织的）合并；lofty (a.)祟高的
spin-off (n.) 副产品
The film，which links Michael Jordan with Bugs Bunny，Daffy Duck and the rest of the Looney Tunes stable，has generated more than 200 spin-off items that Warner is hoping will eventually pull＄1 billion.（TIME，Dec.2，1996，p. 70）
这部结合了迈克尔?乔丹、兔宝宝、达菲鸭与华纳“疯儿调”卡通系列中其他动物的电影，已衍生出两百多种副产品，华纳公司希望靠这些副产品最后能赚进10亿美元。
▲stable (n.) 属同一主人的物品
swap (n.) 交换，互惠资金
Electronic Arts，a leading producer of games for personal computers and video-game machines，announced it will acquire Broderbund Software in a＄400-million stock swap．（TIME，Feb.21，1994，P.15）
制造个人电脑和影像游戏机所用游戏软件的主要厂商电子艺术公司，宣布它将以总值4亿美元的股票交换，买下“波德邦”软件公司。
tabloid (n.) 专报耸动新闻、配有大量图片的小报  [反]broadsheet
But public male heterosexuality，like water seeking its own level，has settled down in the tabloid bottomlands, where it does its best to provide low entertainment，（TIME，Sept．23，1996，P.60）
就像水往低处流一样，有关男性公众人物的异性恋消息，已沦落到小报“报屁股”，那里充斥着低级趣味。
thrall (n.) 控制，奴役
If nothing else, the sense of crisis and impending doom that Asahara cultivated has kept his followers in his thrall.（TIME，Apr. 3，1995，P．30）
别的不提，（奥姆真理教教主）麻原真晃营造出的危机意识与末日即将到来的气氛，就已让他的教徒唯他俯首是从。  ▲impending (a.)即将发生的
traction (n.) 原意为轮胎抓地力，引申为攻击的把柄
Dole has even been unable to find traction on defense spending. (TIME，Sept. 2，1996，P．23）
多尔甚至一直未能在国防支出上找到可大做文章的地方。
trauma (n.) 创伤
What does seem clear is that pedophilia，like many sexual disorders，may have at its root some childhood sexual trauma．（TIME，Sept．2，1996，p. 41）
看来很清楚的是，恋童癖患者与其他许多种性错乱者相同，他们的病症可能都源于童年时的性创伤．
twist (n.) 创新之举，新发展
The 1996 world's fair is no exception，but it also has a decidedly eve-of-the-21st-century twist：the whole event happens in cyberspace．（TIME，Mar. 11，1996，p. 3 5）
1996年的世界博览会也不例外，但这次确实有一项21世纪前夕的创新之举：整个博览会是在电脑网络上举行的。
variant (n.) 变体，变种
Over the years，there have been women wrestlers，including a renowned nun，and a variant so bloody that the sport was briefly banned.（TIME，Sept.30，1996，P．29）
漫长的历史中曾有过女子相扑，其中还出过一位著名的比丘尼选手，及另一种极血腥的变相相扑，因而一度遭到短期的禁止。

venue (n.) 会场，地点
If New York City is the premier venue for political fund raising，Bob Dole appears to be its unchallenged star．（TIME，Apr. 17，1995，P.13）
如果说纽约市是募集政治捐款的最佳地点，那么多尔似乎就是纽约市无人能及的募款高手。
volatility (n.) 反复无常，不稳定  [同]instability
And the Kuala Lumpur stock exchange，though the world's 15th largest，is plagued by volatility and frequent rumors of trading by politically linked parties．（TIME，Dec．4，1995，p. 26）
吉隆坡的股票市场虽是全球排名第15，可是变化太厉害，而且时常因政商勾结交易的传闻而饱受伤害。
write-off (n.) （债务）勾销
In November 1994 the corporation（Sony）took a＄3．2 billion write-off for five years of studio mismanagement．（TIME，Feb．24，1997，p. 42）
1994年11月，索尼公司拿出32亿美元，一笔勾销了电影部门五年来因经营不善而欠下的债务。    ▲studio (n.) 电影制片厂

