每日 EZ Word   
exposure (n.) 暴露（于～之中），接触，触碰

ex向外＋pos放置＋ure行为、结果→曝光
They denounced the exposure of children to such corrupting literature. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Bail Bombings：Local Economy among the Injured　Q里岛爆炸案：当地经济连带受创

Melanie：Hi, you`re Steven, right?
Steven：Yes, and you`re...I`m sorry, I don`t know your name.
Melanie：I`m Melanie. I`m in the advertising department.
Steven：That`s right, you`re been busy with Jared preparing that new campaign, right?
Melanie：Busy is an 1) understatement! Anyway, I heard you were going on vacation this week?
Steven：Well, that was the plan. We`d already bought tickets for Bali, but...
Melanie：Oh, wow! I didn`t realize you were going there. You`re lucky you didn`t leave a week earlier.
Steven：You can say that again. But after the bombing in 2002, it seemed like everything was in the clear again.
Melanie：What a tragedy. Their economy may never recover.
Steven：Well, you can`t be too sure about that. It`s a beautiful island and tourists have short memories.
Melanie：Would you still consider Bali as a possible vacation spot?
Steven：Not 2)at the moment, but maybe after a few months.
Melanie：I see your point. If people stop going there, then it`s as if we let the terrorists win.

梅兰妮：嗨，你是史帝芬吧？
史帝芬：对啊，是??对不起，我不知道的名字。
梅兰妮：我是梅兰妮。我是广告部的。
史帝芬：对啦，和杰瑞一直忙着准备新的宣传活动，对吧？
梅兰妮：忙碌只能算是含蓄的说法！撇开这不谈，我听说你这个星期打算去度假？
史帝芬：呃，原本是有这个打算。我们已经买了去Q里岛的机票，可是??
梅兰妮：喔，哇！我不知道你原本要去那儿。好险你没有早一个星期出发。
史帝芬：一点也没错。但是在二○○二年那次爆炸案之后，情况似乎一切又都安全了。
梅兰妮：真是一场悲剧。他们的经济大概永远也无法恢复了。
史帝芬：呃，这很难讲。那是一个美丽的岛屿，而且观光客忘得快。
梅兰妮：你还会把Q里岛当成可能的度假点之一吗？
史帝芬：目前，但几个月之后也许会。
梅兰妮：我知道你的意思。如果大家不再去那里，我们就等于让恐怖分子赢了。 
今日EZ单字   

1) understatement (n.) 保守的说法，轻描淡写
It`s an understatement to say that education is important.
2) at the moment目前
At the moment it looks like we may need help completing the project.每日 EZ Word   
serve (v.) 供应，上（菜）

serv服侍、服务＋e（形成动词）→供～使用
This restaurant only serves Italian food. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Worth the wait　这款美味值得等

[After waiting a long time, their food arrives]
Helen：It`s been an hour and our food isn`t here yet? Did they have to kill the cow?
Tim：1)Patience, my dear. You know it`s the busiest night of the week. 
Helen：It`t hard for me to sit here and watch everyone eat!
Waiter：Sorry for the wait. Here you are, rack of ribs and prime rib.
Tim：This looks great. Could I have some steak sauce?
Waiter：Sure. Anything else for you?
Helen：I`d like some more iced tea.
Waiter：Coming right up.
Tim：This prime rib is really juicy and 2)tender.
Helen：These ribs are some of the best I`ve ever tasted.
Tim： See. It was well worth the wait!

（等了很久后，他们的食物上菜了）
海　伦：已经一个小时了，我们的菜都还没来？他们是不是还要杀牛？
提　姆：有耐心一点，亲爱的。知道星期五晚上是生意最好的时候。
海　伦：坐在这里看别人吃真难过！
服务生：抱歉让您久等了。牛小排和顶级肋眼牛排上菜了。
提　姆：看起来真好吃。给我一些牛排酱好吗？
服务生：好的。还需要什么吗？
海　伦：我要再来点冰茶。
服务生：马上来。
提　姆：这顶级肋眼牛排真是嫩滑多汁。
海　伦：这牛小排是我吃过最棒的。
提　姆：看吧。这果然值得等待！ 
今日EZ单字   

1) patience (n.) 耐心
2) tender (a.)嫩的
That steak was beautifully tender.每日 EZ Word   
specimen (n.) 抽样

spec看＋i＋men物→给人看做样子的物品
You`ll be asked to provide a blood specimen 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
In the Mood for Meat　想吃肉

[The waiter arrives to take theirorder]
Waiter：Welcome to Long`s I`m Jim, your waiter.
Helen：Hello, Jim. 
Waiter：Let me tell you about the 1)special tonight. It`s 2)grilled salmon on a 3)cedar plank.
Tim：That sounds fabulous.
Waiter：It comes with a 4)side of whipped herb potatoes and grilled summer vegetables.
Helen：I am in the mood for meat. What do you recommend?
Waiter：Most people like the filet mignon, but if you`re really hungry, I would go for the 5)prime rib.
Tim：Prime rib. Now that sounds like it would hit the spot.
Helen：What about ribs?
Waiter：We have a rack of ribs that is to die for. The sauce is 6)out of this world.
Helen：7)You`re sold me. I`ml have the ribs.

服务生：欢迎光临隆氏牛排馆。我是您今天的服务生，吉姆。
海　伦：你好，吉姆。
服务生：让我为您介绍今晚的特餐。西洋杉板烤鲑鱼。
提　姆：听起来很赞。
服务生：配菜是香料薯泥和烤夏蔬。
海　伦：我想吃肉。你推荐什么呢？
服务生：很多人爱菲力牛排，但如果真的很饿，要是我就会点顶级肋眼牛排。
提　姆：那就顶级肋眼牛排好了。听起来正合我意。
海　伦：你们的牛小排呢？
服务生：我们的牛小排不吃可惜。酱料更是人间少有。
海　伦：你说动我了。我要点牛小排。 
今日EZ单字   

1)special (n.)特色菜，特色
2)grilled (a.)烤的
Grilled potatoes are my favorite. 
3)cedar plank西洋杉板
4)side (n.) 附属的物品，在此是指跟主菜放在同一盘上的「配菜」
5)prime (a.) 第一流的
The hotel is in a prime location in the city center.
6)out of this world 绝佳的
This pizza is out of this world.
7) You`re sold me.你说服我接受（某事物）了。 每日 EZ Word   
official(n.) 公务员，官员

of工作+fic做+ial属于...的→作公务工作的人
The mayor is an elected official. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Your Table Is Ready　你的座位摆好了

zThe host arrives to tell them their table is ready{
Host：Willams, 1)party of two！Your table is ready.
Helen：Do I need to pay up now?
Host：No, we`ll just 2)put it on your bill.
Helen：OK, good. Because I don`t have any cash on me.
Host：We got you a seat by the window with a view of the garden.
Helen：Wonderful.
Host：Here are your menus.
Helen：Thank you.
Host：Your waiter will be right with you.
Helen：Oh, this menu is a little 3)blurry...

(店长过来他们说座位好了)
店长：威廉斯，两位！位子准备好了。
海伦：我现在要先付帐吗?
店长：不用，会记在你的帐上。
海伦：那就好。因为我身上没现金。
店长： 我们帮你安排了靠窗的位子，可以欣赏花园的景色。
海伦：太好了。
店长：这是菜单。
海伦：谢谢。
店长：服务生马上就来了。
海伦：噢，这菜单有点模糊呢... 
今日EZ单字   

1)party (n.)
2)put it on your bill.记在帐上
3)blurry (a.) 模糊的
The picture on the desk went blurry.每日 EZ Word   
Contaminated(a.) 受(毒气、疾菌、废气物、放射性物质等)污染的

Con一起+tamin接触+ate使成为+d(形成形容词)→受污染的
This river water is contaminated. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
I can Hold My Liquor　我酒量很好

zHelen and Tim are at the bar waiting for a table{
Helen：Good evening
Bartender：Good evening. What can I get for you, Miss?
Helen：1)Surprise me.
Bartender：Sure. Do you prefer sweet or sour?
Helen：How about both?
Bartender：Strong or light?
Helen：I am feeling 2)daring tonight.
Bartender：So you can hold your liquor?
Helen：Oh, yeah. Hit me with your best shot.
Bartender：Here you are then.It`s called the 3)Max. I hope you can read the menu after this one.

海伦：晚安
酒保：晚安。小姐需要点什么吗?
海伦：给我来点特别的。
酒保：没问题，喜欢甜的还是酸的。
海伦：又酸又甜的如何?
酒保：烈酒还是淡酒?
海伦：我今晚想要猛一点
酒保：你酒量好吧?
海伦：当然。给我这里最烈的酒。
酒保：来了。这杯叫做『极限』。希望你喝完这杯还能看菜单。 
今日EZ单字   

1 Surprise me 给我来点惊喜吧。用于响应对方询问『你想吃什么？』或『你猜(发生什么事)?』
2 Daring (a.) 大胆的 
This is a daring new film by one of our most original, modern directors.
3 max (n.) 上限，最大极限，等于maximum 每日 EZ Word   
Uncover (v.) 揭露，揭发(阴谋、密秘等)

Un相反+cover盖→盖的反面
We searched for hours but couldn`t uncover the reason the computer stopped working. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Arriving at the Restaurant　抵达餐厅

zHelen and Tim enter Long`s Steakhouse{
Host：Welcome to Long`s Steakhouse. What`s the last name?
Helen：Williams. Wow, you`re 1)packed tonight.
Host：Friday nights are always busy. How many in your party?
Helen：There are two of us.
Host：Do you have a 2)reservation?
Helen：No. How long is the wait?
Host：It will be about an hour.
Helen：That`s fine.We`ll sit at the bar and wait.
Host：OK. But the bar is standing room only.
Helen：That`s fine. We`ve been sitting all day. It will be nice to stand.

店长：欢迎光临隆氏牛排馆。请问贵姓?
海伦：威廉斯，哇，今天客满啦。
店长：星期五晚上生意都不错。请问几位?
海伦：我门有两位
店长：请问有订位吗?
海伦：没有，要等多久呢?
店长：大概一个小时。
海伦：没关系，我们到吧台坐着等。
店长：好的，但吧台只有站位。
海伦：没关系，我们坐了一整天了，站一站也好 
今日EZ单字   

1 packed (a.)客满的，挤满人的 
We were packed like sardines in the rush-hour bus.
2 Reservation (n.) 订位 每日 EZ Word   
decline (v.) 衰败，下垂，拒绝

de向下＋clin弯、倾＋e（形成动词）→使低垂
I`m afraid I need to decline your offer. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Benjamin Franklin-2　班哲明富兰克林-2

Karl: Haven`t you ever read Benjamin Franklin`s 6)autobiography? 
Terri: He`s the "early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise"guy, right? 
Karl: That`s not all. When he was young, he rented a room with his 7)colleagues, who all liked to drink. Everyone in the house helped pay for the beer.
Terri: But I thought Franklin was a 8)teetotaler?
Karl: He was. And so he refused to pay.
Terri: Exactly! He did the right thing!!
Karl: But all his colleagues were angry and made trouble for him, and so in the end Franklin decided to help pay for the beer, even though he didn`t drink it. He said the experience "convinced (him) of the 9)folly of 10)being on ill terms with those one is to live"with continually.
Terri: Argh!! So that means I have to help pay for Jim`s present?
Karl: Yep. I`m afraid so.
Terri: And go to his party, too?
Karl: No, I think you can 11)skip that it just means there will be more cake for the rest of us!

卡尔：没读过富兰克林的自传吗？
泰莉：他就是那个说过「早睡早起身体好」的人，对吧？
卡尔：才不只呢。他年轻时，跟几个同事合租一间房，他的同事全都爱喝酒。住在那边的人都帮忙合出酒钱。
泰莉：但我以为他滴酒不沾？
卡尔：他是啊。所以他拒绝付酒钱。
泰莉：没错！他做得对！！
卡尔：但他的同事都很生气，开始找他麻烦，到最后富兰克林决定一起帮忙出钱买啤酒，尽管他不喝。他说这个经验「使他了解到，想跟别人继续住下去，最笨的就是跟他们闹得不愉快。」
泰莉：啊！！所以那代表我得帮忙买吉姆的礼物吗？
卡尔：没错。恐怕是。
泰莉：也要去他的派对？
卡尔：不必，这就免了--这代表我们能分到更多蛋糕！ 
今日EZ单字   

6) autobiography (n.) 自传
7) colleague (n.) 同事
8) teetotaler (n.) 禁酒主义者
9) folly (n.) 愚行
10) be on ill terms with someone 跟某人不合
I`ve been on ill terms with Davis ever since I got promoted over him. 
11) skip (v.) 跳过（某件事不做）
I think I`m going to skip the get-together tonight I`m just too tired.每日 EZ Word   
circulation (n.)（报刊等的）发行

circ圆、环＋ul小＋ation成为→循环 
The boss was pleased to see that the magazine circulation was expanding. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Benjamin Franklin-1　班哲明富兰克林-1

[Terri and Karl work at VisionTech. They are talking over the lunch break]
Terri: Have you heard about the 1)going-away party for Jim?
Karl: Sure, it`s tomorrow. It`s pretty cool that everyone decided to 2)pitch in and get him a 1)going-away present.
Terri: I don`t think so. I've never 3)gotten along with Jim, and I certainly don`t want to help pay for a present for him. To be honest, I`m glad he`s leaving!
Karl: So you`re not going to the party?
Terri: I wouldn`t be caught dead there! And I`m certainly not going to help pay for any present!
Karl: Come on, Terri, I don`t think you need to be so 4)difficult...
Terri: I`m not being difficult. I`m just 5)sticking up for what I believe in!

（泰莉和卡尔任职于视野科技。他们在午餐休息时间聊天。）
泰莉：你有听说要欢送吉姆的派对吗？
卡尔：当然，就在明天。大家决定集资买个欢送礼物给他，这样挺好的。
泰莉：我可不觉得。我跟他一向水火不容，也绝不想帮忙出钱买礼物给他。老实说，我还真高兴他要走了呢！
卡尔：所以不参加派对？
泰莉：死都不想！当然更不想帮忙出钱买什么礼物！
卡尔：别这样啦，泰莉，不要这么别扭??
泰莉：我才不是别扭。我只是坚持我所相信的事！ 
今日EZ单字   

1) going-away party 送别派对，going-away present即「欢送礼物」
2) pitch in集资，（大家）帮忙
Everybody needs to pitch in and get this office cleaned up. 
3) get along with someone 与人相处愉快
I try my best, but I just can't seem to get along with Leo.
4) difficult (a.) 难相处的，执拗别扭的
Don`t you think that Janice was being really difficult during this morning`s meeting? 
5) stick up for...坚持、维护（某种信念）
If you really think you`re being discriminated against, you should stick up for yourself and complain. 每日 EZ Word   
prediction (n.) 预测，预言

pre先、前＋dict说＋ion行为、结果→预先说出结果 
The weather prediction for today was very accurate. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Coose and Golden Eggs-2　鹅跟金蛋-2

Joanne: That`s because they buy more than 25,000 monitors a month.
Jack: That`s true, but our profit on each monitor is 1)significantly less than for our other customers. If we cut Inalt`s discount to just 5%, our yearly revenue would go up by over NT$2 million!
Joanne: Listen, Jack, I know you`re racking your brain to find a way to increase sales, but let`s not make the mistake of killing the goose that lays our golden eggs. If Inalt 2)switches to another 3)supplier after we raise our price, we`ll be ruined.
Jack: Hmm... I guess we shouldn`t get too greedy all at once.
Joanne: Right. But that doesn`t mean we can`t consider making a more minor 4)adjustment. 5)Run the figures and see how much increased revenue would 6)result if we 7)hiked Inalt`s price by 3%. 
Jack: Will do. I`ll have the figures to you by the end of the day.

乔安：那是因为他们每月采购超过两万五千台屏幕。
杰克：没错，但我们每台屏幕的获利明显少于其它客户。如果我们把英纳特的折扣砍到只剩百分之五，我们的年营业额就会增加超过两百万新台币！
乔安：听着，杰克，我知道你用尽心思设法增加销售业绩，但我们别犯了「杀鸡取卵」的毛病。如果英纳特因为我们涨价，转而去找别的供货商，我们就完蛋了。
杰克：嗯??或许我们不该一口气要太多。
乔安：没错。但那不表示我们不能考虑比较小幅度的调整。去跑个报表出来，看看我们给英纳特的价格如果调高百分之三，营业额会增加多少。
杰克：我就去办。我下班之前会给报表。 
今日EZ单字   

1) significantly (adv.) 显著 working conditions.
2) switch (v.) 转换
Do you think we should consider switching to a different mobile services provider?
3) supplier (n.) 供货商
4) adjustment (n.) 调整
5) run (v.) 做出，呈现。对话中run the figures是指「（让计算机）跑报表数据」
Run the figures for next quarter`s profit projections and email them to me.
6) result (v.) 产生，结果
Your brilliant marketing strategy has resulted in high sales for this quarter.
7) hike (v.) 提高，向上移动
Microsoft has hiked the prices of its software again this month. 每日 EZ Word   
attract (v.) 吸引

at向、对＋tract拉、拖→对某人某物施以拉力→拉过来
I think that rotten fruit is beginning to attract fruit flies. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Coose and Golden Eggs-1　鹅和金蛋-1

[Jack is a salesman at VisionTech, an LCD 1)monitor company. He is talking with his manager, Joanne.]
Joanne: How are sales 2)revenues looking, Jack?
Jack: They're up 12% from the same 3)quarter last year.
Joanne: And 4)profit margins?
Jack: Also up, by 7%. The numbers all look good, but I have some ideas on how to make them even better.
Joanne: Really? Let`s hear them, then.
Jack: Well, I think that we can 5)milk our main customer, Inalt, for a little more money.
Joanne: How do you suggest we do that?
Jack: By 6)reducing the 7)volume discount we offer them. The price we are giving them is 15% lower than any other customer.

（杰克是液晶显示屏幕公司「视野科技」的业务员。他正在跟主管乔安说话。）
乔安：杰克，销售业绩如何？
杰克：较去年同一季成长了百分之十二。
乔安：获利率呢？
杰克：也成长百分之七。所有数字看起来都不错，但对于如何让数字更漂亮，我有一些想法。
乔安：是吗？那就说来听听。
杰克：嗯，我觉得可以从我们的大客户「英纳特」身上多挤出一点钱。
乔安：你建议我们要怎么做？
杰克：减少我们给他们的大量采购折扣。我们给他们的价格比其它客户的低了百分之十五。 
今日EZ单字   

1) monitor (n.) 屏幕，显示器。LCD monitor即liquid-crystal display monitor「液晶显示屏幕」
2) revenue (n.) 收入 
3) quarter (n.) 一季，四分之一
4) profit (n.) 利润，营利。profit margin即「获利幅度，获利率」 
5) milk (v.) 榨取，挤
This customer looks like he掇 got a lot of money; let`s milk him for all he`s worth! 
6) reduce (v.) 缩减
If we reduce personnel costs by just 5%, we`ll save over NT$ 3 million.
7) volume discount 大量购买的折扣 每日 EZ Word   
Revolutionize(v.)彻底改变，出现革命性变化

Re回，反复+volut滚，卷，转+ion行为，结果+ize使成为，使..化→在..发动革命
Computers have already revolutionize many industries. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
A Lot Like Love-4　再见钟情-4

Michelle: You`re coming tomorrow, aren`t you?
Gina: She`s coming.
Michelle: Hey, how about a 1)blind date? I know someone.
Gina: You can`t take a blind date to New Year`s.
Michelle: Why?
Gina: Why? Because it`s a blind date.You don`t roll the dice on New Year`s.
Michelle: Well, you don`t go to New Year`s alone either.
Gina: Why not? I`m going alone.
Michelle: Well, that`s you.
Gina: And what`s that 2)supposed to mean?
Michelle: I`m just saying.

米歇尔：明天会来，对吧？
吉　娜：她当然会来。
米歇尔：嘿，来个盲目约会如何？我认识一个人。
吉　娜：没有人会带盲目约会的对象去新年派对。
米歇尔：为什么？
吉　娜：为什么？因为是盲目约会啊。没有人会在新年冒这个险。
米歇尔：嗯，也没有人会独自去新年派对。
吉　娜：为什么没有？我就要一个人去。
米歇尔：那是才这样。
吉　娜：那句话是什么意思？
米歇尔：我只是说说而已。 
今日EZ单字   

1)blind date 盲目约会
2)supposed (a.) 被认定的，理当 每日 EZ Word   
Cosmetics(n.)化妆品

Cosm和谐+et小+ic有..特性之物+s(表复数) →可使一个小范围更加和协之务
She prefers a natural look so does not like using cosmetics. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
A Lot Like Love-3　再见钟情-3

Michelle: You`re better off. That`s what I think.
Gina: Of course she`s better off. He 1)dumps you right before New Year`s. It`s 2)awful.
Michelle: I didn`t want to say anything to you while you were still seeing him...but it's always gotta be about him.
Gina: Well, I didn`t see Peter that way at all. He could be too nice.
Michelle: I guess you`re right. But she`s still better off.
Gina: She is much better off.
Michelle: When it`s over, it`s over.

米歇尔：会过得更好的。我是这么认为。
吉　娜：她当然会过得更好。他就在新年之前把给甩了。真差劲。
米歇尔：你们还在一起的时候我不想多嘴??不过他总是很自私。
吉　娜：嗯，我一点也不认为彼得是那样的人。他人太好了。
米歇尔：我想是对的。不过她还是会过得比较好。
吉　娜：她会过得更好。
米歇尔：该结束时就是该结束了。 
今日EZ单字   

1)dump(v.)甩掉(男/女朋友)
2)awful(a.)差劲的 每日 EZ Word   
Cumulative (a.)累积的，累进的

Cumul推积+ative有..性质的→累积的
Our cumulative sales this year rose eleven percent. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
A Lot Like Love-2　再见钟情-2　

Emily: First of all, why would I get mixed up with a guy who I know 1)firsthand will jump inot an airplane bathroom with the first girl that 2)comes a knowcking?
Oliver: That was you. You don`t wanna get mixed up with me because I slept with you?
Emily: Second of all, you`re not even close to being my type.
Emily: And thirdly, it 3)turns out you might be 4)gay.
Oliver: I mean, I want a girlfriend. Whatever. Just first things first, you know?
Emily: What things?
Oliver: I don`t know. Make a plan and get all my ducks in line.
Emily: You mean ducks in a row.
Oliver: Yes, I mean ducks in a row.
Emily: Well, what ducks are those?

埃米莉：首先，为什么我会想要和一个我亲眼目睹，会随便和跟在后面的女生进飞机厕所的男生有牵扯？
奥利佛：那个人是。不想跟我有牵扯是因为我跟上过床？
埃米莉：第二，你根本不是我喜欢的类型。
奥利佛：嗯，反正我也不是在找女朋友，所以? ?
埃米莉：而第三，搞不好你其实是个同性恋。
奥利佛：我的意思是，我想要有个女朋友。管他。只是事有轻重缓急，懂吗？
埃米莉：什么事？
奥利佛：我不知道。订个计划然后一一准备好。
埃米莉：你是说按照计划一一进行。
奥利佛：对，我是要说按照计划一一进行。
埃米莉：嗯，那些计划是什么？ 
今日EZ单字   

1)firsthand (adv.) 直接地， 亲身经历地
2)come a knocking = come along 随同而至
3)turn out 结果
4)gay (a., n.) 同性恋（的） 
Those men are clearly gay.每日 EZ Word   
collapse(v.) 崩溃，倒塌

col一起+laps跌落+e(形成动词) →一起跌落下来
Inflation almost caused Brazil`s economy to collapse. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
A Lot Like Love-1　再见钟情-1

Oliver: You know, 1)stuff like that is not even funny. You only get one chance to make a first 2)impression.
Emily: What do you care what my dad thinks?
Oliver: What if we hit it off, become a thing or something? [Emily smiles]What was that?
Emily: You and I would never become a thing.
Oliver: OK, you really think pretty 3)highly of yourself, don`t you?

奥利佛：知道吗，那种话根本一点都不好笑。建立第一印象只有一次机会。
埃米莉：你干嘛在意我爸爸的看法？
奥利佛：要是我们合得来，修成正果之类的怎么办？（埃米莉微笑）那是什么意思？
埃米莉：你跟我绝对不会有结果的。
奥利佛：好，还真看得起自己，不是吗？ 
今日EZ单字   

1) stuff (n.) 东西
2) impression (n.) 印象
3) highly (adv.) 高度地 每日 EZ Word   
predict(v.) 预料，预测

pre先，前+dict说→预先说出
The economists predict a slower fourth quarter. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Expressing an apology　表达歉意

On the phone
Melanie: Hello, Hello. This is Melanie Davis.
Keith: Hi, Melanie! I am so glad you called.
Melanie: I was calling to see if the 1)shipment was on schedule.
Keith: There's been a little bit of a 2)delay. It won't 3)ship until next Monday.
Melanie: Really? That's too bad. Will that affect my shipping 4)rates? I know that next week's rate was higher.
Keith: No. We are giving you a 5)discount because of the delay.
Melanie: I appreciate that.
Keith: I will send you the shipping 6)quotes tomorrow for your approval.

（电话中）
梅兰妮：你好。我是梅兰妮戴维斯。
凯　斯：嗨，梅兰妮！真高兴接到的来电。
梅兰妮：我打来问问货是否会如期送到。
凯　斯：有点延误了。下星期一才会送货。
梅兰妮：真的？惨了。那会影响运费吗？我知道下星期的费用比较高。
凯　斯：不会。由于这次延误，我们会给折扣。
梅兰妮：感谢你们。
凯　斯：我明天会把运费报价单寄给批准。 
今日EZ单字   

1) shipment (n.) 货运
2) delay (n.) 延迟
3) ship (v.) 载运货物
4) rate (n.) 费率
5) discount (n.) 折扣
6) quote (n.) 报价
7) approval (n.) 批准，认可 每日 EZ Word   
Expectation(n.) 预期

Ex向外+pect看+ation行为，结果→倚门张望等待某人到来
The boss`s expectation lowed when new worker arrived hours late. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Informing Them of Your Visit　告知对方你即将到访

On the Phone
Tim: Hello Sugiarto. This is Tim Willis. How are things in Jakarta? 
Sugiarto: Hi, Tim. Things are going very well. We are right 1)on schedule.
Tim: That's good to hear. I have some good news.
Sugiarto: What's that? All your customers are going to 2)prepay?
Tim: Haha. I am coming to Jakarta at the end of the month. I have some 3)custom furniture designs I want to talk about.
Sugiarto: Great! We look forward to 4)having you. You can see our new production equipment.
Tim: I am very excited. I will email you my 5)itinerary and some of the things I'd like to get 6)accomplished.
Sugiarto: Perfect. I will arrange everything for your arrival. 

（电话中）
提　　姆：你好，苏基亚托。我是提姆威利斯。雅加达一切可好？
苏基亚托：嗨，提姆。这里都很顺利。一切照着进度走。
提　　姆：很好。我有好消息。 
苏基亚托：是什么？你所有的客户都要预先付款吗？
提　　姆：哈哈。我月底要去雅加达。有些订做的家具设计要讨论。
苏基亚托：太好了！我们很期待能够接待你。你可以来看看我们的新生产设备。
提　　姆：我好想看看。我会寄电邮告知我的行程及我希望达成的事项。
苏基亚托：很好。我会安排好所有事情迎接你的到来。 
今日EZ单字   

1) on schedule按时，按照预定时间
2) prepay (v.) 预付
3) custom (a.) 订做的
4) have (v.) 接待(客人)
5) itinerary (n.) 行程，旅行计划
6) accomplished (n.) 达成 每日 EZ Word   
Reform (v.) 改革，重新

Re再，重新+form形状→重新构成
The politician says that he will reform the health care system. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Makeup Meets Nanotechnology　化妆品遇上奈米科技

James:　Hey Melissa! You look, how should I say... different... today.
Melissa:　Different? Is that a 1)veiled compliment, or criticism?
James:　I think it`s your eye-shadow.
Melissa:　Yes, it`s new. Does it 2)suit me?
James:　Sure, it`s very attractive. But what color is that?
Melissa:　Its blue-green, but it`s also 3)iridescent.
James:　Yeah, it seems to change 4)tints.
Melissa:　It does. It`s a new line of 5)nanotech cosmetics.
James:　Nanotech? I guess no cost is too high for beauty!

詹姆士：嘿，梅莉莎！今天看起来，我该怎么说呢??不一样。
梅莉莎：不一样？那是一种含糊的夸奖，还是批评？
詹姆士：我想是眼影的缘故。
梅莉莎：对啊，这是新产品。适不适合我？
詹姆士：当然，很迷人。但那是什么颜色啊？
梅莉莎：这是蓝绿色，但还带有虹彩。
詹姆士：对耶，色调看起来会变化。
梅莉莎：的确。这是一系列新的奈米科技化妆品。
詹姆士：奈米科技的？看来美丽的代价真是无上限啊！ 
今日EZ单字   

1)veiled (a.) 模糊的
The poem`s meaning is veiled in metaphor.
2)suit (v.) 合适
His position as manager does not suit his abilities.
3)iridescent (a.) 虹彩的，光辉灿烂的
Many types of coral are iridescent.
4)tint (n.) 色彩，色调
5)nanotech (n.) 奈米科技
The nanotech industry is expected to develop quickly. 每日 EZ Word   
Expectation(n.) 预期

Ex向外+pect看+ation行为，结果→倚门张望等待某人到来
The boss`s expectation lowed when the worker arrived hours late. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Experts Warn Youngsters about Earphones　专家警告年轻族群小心耳机

Max:　[Pulls back an earphone] Pardon me?
Denise:　I asked what`s that earphone you`re wearing.
Max:　 This one is for my cell phone, and this one is for my MP3 player.
Denise:　You look like some kind of 1)cyborg! 
Max:　 Well, it`s really more convenient this way.
Denise:　Have you no concern for your hearing?
Max:　 Well, the volume is reasonable and... hold on, I have a call coming in.
Denise:　[To himself] 2)Outrageous! He`s listening to the phone with one ear and music with the other.
Max:　 [Again pulls back an earphone] I`m sorry. What were you saying?

麦克斯：（拿下一边耳机）你说什么？
丹尼斯：我问你戴的那个是什么耳机。
麦克斯：这副是手机的耳机，这一副则是MP3播放器的耳机。
丹尼斯：你看起来像某种生化机械人！
麦克斯：呃，这样真的比较方便。
丹尼斯：你不担心你的听力？
麦克斯：呃，音量还算合理，而且??等一下，我有电话进来。
丹尼斯：（自言自语）真夸张！他一个耳朵听电话，另一个耳朵还在听音乐。
麦克斯：（又拿下一边的耳机）抱歉。你刚刚说啥？ 
今日EZ单字   

1)cyborg (n.) 半机械人（cybernetic organism的缩写），科幻小说中由人类与机械人组成的半生物。对话中用以戏称携带许多电子装备的人
2)outrageous (a.) 非常夸张的
This club charges an outrageous price for membership.每日 EZ Word   
Defend (v.)辩护

De离开+fend击→击退
He defended his decision by pointing out the increased sales. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Analysts Question eBay`s Purchase of Skype　分析师质疑eBay并购Skype

James:　Hey, are you using Skype again?
Sarah:　That`s right. I was just talking to a 1)source in Mexico.
James:　Did you hear the news about Skype? They were bought out.
Sarah:　Really? Who bought them?
James:　eBay, the online auction company.
Sarah:　It seems like all the big Internet companies are 2)diversifying.
James:　Right. Just like Google went into email by starting Gmail.
Sarah:　But I can`t see how Skype will help eBay`s business.
James:　That`s just what the analysts are saying.

詹姆：嘿，又在用Skype啦？
莎拉：没错。我刚刚在跟一个墨西哥的供货商谈事情。
詹姆：有听到Skype的新闻吗？他们被买走了。
莎拉：真的吗？谁买下他们？
詹姆：eBay，那家网络拍卖公司。
莎拉：看来似乎每家大型网络公司都在搞多角化经营。
詹姆：对啊。就好比Google藉开发Gmail涉足电子邮件业务。
莎拉：但我看不出Skype如何能补eBay业务之不足。
詹姆：分析师也是那样讲。 
今日EZ单字   

1)source (n.) 供货公司，消息来源
2)diversify (v.) 多样化，多角化经营
The car company is diversifying into motorcycles.每日 EZ Word   
Complement(v.) 补充，补足

Com全+ple充满，完善+ment行为，结果，产物→对不足之处加以补充，使之完美
The car company purchased the tire company to complement its business. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
IMF Wants More from China　国际货币基金提高对中国的要求

Chris:　Did you see the headlines today?
Jeremy:　I sure did. China is 1)predicting another 9.5% growth in 2)GDP this year.
Chris:　 But they`re still 3)reluctant to revalue their currency.
Jeremy:　Yes, but the IMF is putting a lot of pressure on them.
Chris:　 And so are the United States and the EU.
Jeremy:　It`s only a matter of time.
Chris:　 I suppose you`re right, unless their banking system 4)collapses first.
Jeremy:　Why would that happen?
Chris:　 Well, it`s suspected they have a very high level of bad debts.

克里斯：你有看到今天的新闻头条吗？
杰若米：当然有。中国预测今年的国民生产毛额会再成长9.5%。
克里斯：但他们依然不愿意重估币值。
杰若米：对啊，但国际货币基金正在对他们大力施压。
克里斯：美国跟欧盟也是。
杰若米：重估币值这只是迟早的问题吧。
克里斯：我认为你说的没错，除非他们的银行体系先崩溃。
杰若米：为何会发生那种事？
克里斯：嗯，据说他们的呆帐问题非常严重。 
今日EZ单字   

1)predict (v.) 预料，预测
The economists predict a slower fourth quarter.
2)GDP (Gross Domestic Product) 国民生产毛额
3)reluctant (a.) 勉强的，不情愿的
I`m reluctant to invest in that new company.
4)collapse (v.) 崩溃，倒塌
Inflation almost caused Brazil`s economy to collapse. 每日 EZ Word   
Concerned(a.) 关心的，忧虑的，不安的

Con彻底+cern区分+ed有...特性→有关的
She`s concerned that the new product won`t sell well. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Hurricane Katrina Tests President Bush　卡崔娜飓风考验美国总统小布什

Miles:　I feel so bad for those people in New Orleans.
Lisa:　Yes, it`s really a shame that our government wasn`t better prepared.
Miles:　Especially FEMA head Michael Brown.
Lisa:　The news said he has no 1)management experience.
Miles:　Yet Bush put him in charge of our country`s disaster management!
Lisa:　Weren`t most of Bush`s campaign promises about "protecting the homeland?"
Miles:　Yes, but he was 2)referring to terrorists.
Lisa:　But Katrina killed more people than died on 9/11!
Miles:　And 3)ironically, many of them were Bush supporters!

麦尔斯：我很替那些纽奥良居民感到难过。
莉　莎：对啊，我们的政府事前没有更完善的准备，真的很糟糕。
麦尔斯：尤其是美国联邦紧急管理署长麦可布朗。
莉　莎：新闻报导说他没有管理经验。
麦尔斯：但小布什却让他负责我们国家的紧急应变管理！
莉　莎：小布什的竞选主轴不就是「保护家园」吗？
麦尔斯：是啊，但他指的是恐怖分子。
莉　莎：然而卡崔娜飓风的罹难人数比九一一事件还多！
麦尔斯：讽刺的是，许多罹难者生前还是小布什的支持者呢。 
今日EZ单字   

1)management (n.) 管理，处理
2)refer (v.)提及...，谈到... 
He is referring to the report we read before the meeting.
3)Ironically (adv.) 讽刺的 
Ironically, the taxi driver had to ask me for directions. 每日 EZ Word   
refer (v.) 提及，谈到

re回＋fer携带→带回到事物的源头→追寻事物的出处
He is referring to the report we read before the meeting. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Their Bad Luch Was A Sign　霉头当前

Frank：What happened at the 1)wedding? 
Amy：It was a 2)mess! A 3)disaster! 
Frank：Really? Why? 
Amy：Everyone was late. People didn`t sit in the right seats, and the weather didn`t 4)cooperate.
Frank：It rained? 
Amy：It 5)poured. The wedding was 6)delayed for an hour. 
Frank：Were people 7)upset? 
Amy：They were 8)furious! And the musician didn`t even show up! 
Frank：That`s too bad. Are the bride and groom OK now? 
Amy：No. They decided that their bad luck was a sign, and they are getting a 9)divorce.

法兰克：婚礼怎么了吗？
爱　咪：一团糟！简直是个大灾难！
法兰克：真的吗？为什么？
爱　咪：每个人都迟到。来宾不照安排好的位子坐，连天气也不配合。
法兰克：下雨了吗？
爱　咪：倾盆大雨。婚礼因此延后一个小时。
法兰克：来宾不高兴吗？
爱　咪：他们气坏了！而那位乐手甚至没出现！
法兰克：太糟了。新郎新娘现在还好吗？
爱　咪：不好。他们认定这种恶运是个预兆，他们要离婚了。 
今日EZ单字   

1) wedding (n.) 婚礼 
2) mess (n.)一团糟 
3) disaster (n.) 灾难 
4) cooperate (v.) 合作 
You`d better cooperate with me. 
5) pour (v.) 倾盆而降 
The rain is pouring down. 
6) delay (v.)延迟 
Can we delay the meeting for a few minutes? 
7) upset (a.) 使心烦的 
You`d better get out of here before I get upset. 
8) furious (a.) 盛怒的 
She`s so furious that she`s not talking to me. 
9) divorce (n.) 离婚 每日 EZ Word   
management (n.) 管理，处理

man手＋age行为＋ment手段，方法，人员→掌握在手中的方法或人员
Communication is an important part of effective management. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
I`m Low on Cash This Month!　我这个月手头很紧！

Bob：Are we going to the game together? 
Sarah：Sure, as long as we 1)carpool. 
Dan：Why do we have to carpool? 
Bob：Because Sarah wants to drink. She can`t drink if she has to drive. 
Dan：But I want to drink too! I have to have a beer at the game! 
Sarah：No, you guys are wrong. I don`t want to drink. 
Bob：Then why do you want to carpool?
Dan：Is it because your car isn`t working? 
Sarah：No, it`s because I think we should save gas. 
Bob：Wow. She`s an 2)environmentalist now. 
Dan：I think it`s because she wants to 3)split the gas money! 
Sarah：OK, you got me. I`m low on cash this month! 

鲍伯：一起去看球赛吗？
莎拉：好啊，只要我们共乘一部车。
阿丹：为什么我们要共乘？
鲍伯：因为莎拉想喝一杯。如果她必须开车，她就不能喝酒。
阿丹：但我也想喝一杯！我看球赛就得喝啤酒！
莎拉：不是，你们都搞错了。我不想喝酒。
鲍伯：那为什么想搭便车？
阿丹：是因为的车抛锚了吗？
莎拉：不是，是因为我们应该要省点油。
鲍伯：哇。她现在是环保人士。
阿丹：我认为那是因为她想找我们分担油费！
莎拉：好吧。你猜对了。我这个月正缺现金！ 
今日EZ单字   

1)carpool (v.)共乘 
You can carpool all the time, or just a few days a week. 
2)environmentalist (n.) 环保运动人士 
3)split (v.) 分担 
Would you like to split a pizza with me? 每日 EZ Word   
recede (v.) 退去，远去

re回＋ced走＋e（形成动词）→往回走
It took weeks before the floods fully receded. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
It`s Better to Be Safe than Sorry　不怕万一只怕一万

Helen：Do you want to go 1)hiking today? 
Rick：No, I saw the weather 2)forecast. The skies are clear now, but not for long! 
Helen：Is it supposed to rain? 
Rick：There`s a typhoon coming. I don`t want to risk getting 3)stranded on the mountain! 
Helen：But there`s not a cloud in sight! I think you`re being silly. 
Rick：The weather can change in a matter of minutes. And besides, I trust the weather forecast.
Helen：Well, I am going. You can be a 4)wimp and stay at home! 
Rick：OK, but I still think it`s better to be safe than sorry!

海伦：今天想去健行吗？
瑞克：不想，我看了气象预报。现在万里无云，但持续不久的！
海伦：会下雨吗？
瑞克：台风要来了。我不想冒险受困山中！
海伦：但天空连一片云都没有耶！我认为你太傻了。
瑞克：天有不测风云！况且，我相信气象预报。
海伦：好，我要走了。你可以当个胆小鬼待在家里！
瑞克：好啊，但我还是认为最好防患未然！ 
今日EZ单字   

1)hike (v.) 健行
We hiked for ten miles this morning. 
2)forecast(n.) 预报 
3)strand (v.) 处于困境
My car broke down and I`m stranded. 
4)wimp (n.) 懦弱的人 

每日 EZ Word   
evacuation (v) 撤离，疏散

e出，外＋vacu空＋ate使成为→把里面的东西取出使之变空
The evacuation was too slow and many people died. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
You Were Stiffed!　你被坑了！

Gail：See my new watch! I got such a good 1)deal on it. 
Robert：Really? How much did you pay? 
Gail：Only three hundred dollars! I 2)bargained. He was asking for four! 
Robert：And you`re sure it`s not a fake? 
Gail：No. It`s my favorite 3)brand, Spice. See? 
Robert：Hmm. Gail, I think you need to get your eyes 4)checked. 
Gail：Why? If I were to buy this in a department store, it would have cost twice as much! 
Robert：Gail, you were stiffed. If you look closely, you will see that this is a Slice watch, not a Spice watch! 

盖　儿：看看我的新手表！很划算哦。
罗伯特：真的吗？多少？
盖　儿：三百块而已！我杀价买的。老板要卖四百的！
罗伯特：你确定这不是冒牌货？
盖　儿：不可能。这是我最爱的牌子，Spice。看到了吧？
罗伯特：嗯。盖儿。我认为你要去检查眼睛了。
盖　儿：为什么？在百货公司买的话要两倍的价钱！
罗伯特：盖儿，你被骗啦。如果仔细看，就知道这是Slice表，不是Spice表！ 
今日EZ单字   

1)deal (n.) 交易，划算的买卖 
2)bargain(v.) 讨价还价
Did you have to bargain to get that price? 
3)brand (n.) 牌子 
4)check (v.) 检查
Can you wait until I check my email? 每日 EZ Word   
infrastructure (n.)基础建设（道路、水电等设施）

infra在下＋struct建造＋ure行为→底部的建造物

Africa needs a better infrastructure before the economy can develop. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
I Am Whipped 累死人了

Jim:　Man, I am so whipped. 
Tom:　What`s wrong? Didn`t you sleep well last night? 
Jim:　No. I had to put in 80 hours this week. I was too tired to sleep. 
Tom:　That`t a lot of 1)overtime. You`d better be careful not to 2)overdo it. 
Jim:　I don`t really have a choice. People are getting laid off every day. 
Tom:　Oh, I heard. So you have to do well at work. 
Jim:　Yeah. I am just trying to keep my job. 
Tom:　But if you have to work like this all the time, getting laid off might be a good thing.

吉姆：老兄，我累翻了。
汤姆：怎么了？昨晚没睡好吗？
吉姆：不是啦。我这星期得工作八十个小时。累得都睡不着。
汤姆：加班太多了吧。小心点别工作过头了。
吉姆：我没选择。每天都有人被炒鱿鱼。
汤姆：噢，我听说了。所以你得在工作上力求表现。
吉姆：是啊。只是努力要保住工作。
汤姆：但如果你要一直像这样工作下去，被炒鱿鱼可能还算好事。 
今日EZ单字   

1)overtime (n.) 加班时间 
2)overdo (v.) 做得过分 
Mom always overdoes the house cleaning at Christmastime. 每日 EZ Word   
attribute (n.) 特质，属性

at向＋tribut给、献＋e（形成名词） →分给、献给某人某事

Patience is her first attribute. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Time for a Change-5

Grant runs into Valerie at a bar while she waiting for Roger
Grant：Hey! What do you think about Roger maybe relocating to Chicago?
Valerie：What? He didn`t say anything about moving to Chicago! When did he decide this?
Grant：Oops! I guess I should have 1)kept my big mouth shut. Don`t worry, he has`t decided on anything yet.
Valerie：I am going to kill him.
Grant：Easy! He is negotiating a great job offer there. Just 2)hear him out before you kill him.

Roger meets Grant for coffee
Roger：I 3)stood my ground, and it looks like it`s really going to 4)pay off!
Grant：You found the right job?
Roger：Yep, with my experience and 5)qualifications, they had no choice but to give me an offer I couldn`t 6)refuse.
Grant：Tell me!
Roger：No way! You already 7)let the cat out of the bag once and almost got me killed.I am telling Valerie first.

格兰在酒吧你遇到正在等罗杰的维拉蕊
格兰：嘿!你对于罗杰也许会搬到芝加哥工作有何看法?
维拉蕊：什么?他没提过什么搬去芝加哥的事啊!他什么时候决定的?
格兰：糟糕!我想我最好闭上我的大嘴巴。别担心，他什么都还没决定。
维拉蕊：我要把他给宰了!
格兰：轻松点!他正在洽谈一个很棒的工作机会。在你杀他之前先听听他怎么说!

罗杰跟格兰碰面喝咖啡
罗杰：我坚守原则，现在似乎真的有所回报了!
格兰：你找到好工作了?
罗杰：对，以我的经历跟资格，他们别无选择，只能提供使我无法拒绝的条件
格兰：告诉我!
罗杰：不行，你已经说漏嘴ㄧ次了，还差点把我害死。我要先跟维拉蕊说! 
今日EZ单字   

1)keep someone`s mouth shut 要某人闭嘴
2)hear out 听某人把话说完
3)stand one`s ground 坚持某人的立场，一部也不退让
4)pay off 成功，有好的结果
5)qualifications (n.) 资格，资历
6)refuse (v.) 拒绝
7)let the cat out of the bag 泄漏秘密 每日 EZ Word   
dimension (n.) 面向，规模

di分离＋mens测量＋ion行为、结果→测量结果分成的度

The dimensions of the bridge will give plenty of room for high traffic volume. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Time for a Change-4

Roger talks with Grant about 1)relocating 
Roger：I met with a company today that offers good pay and good benefits. But, they want me to 2)manage their office in Chicago.
Grant：They want you to relocate to Chicago ? Valerie will kill you!
Roger：Why? They are offering to pay my moving 3)expenses and give me 1)relocation 4)assistance. It`s a good deal.
Grant：I don`t think she will be very happy about you moving to another city.

Roger and Grant are discussing work 5)ethics
Roger：OK,I have 6)narrowed it down to three companies. The salary and benefits are similar, but I need to decide which one will really 7)challenge my skills and abilities.
Grant：You want a job that you actually have to work harder at?
Roger：Working hard and learning will make me better at what I do! 8)No pain, no gain!
Grant：I prefer 9)sitting back, relaxing, and just letting the money come in!

罗杰在跟格兰提搬家的事
罗杰：我今天去的一家公司提供优渥的薪水跟很好的福利。不过，她们要我管理她们在芝加哥的办公室。
格兰：她们要你搬去芝加哥?维拉蕊会杀了你!
罗杰：为什么?他们要帮我付搬家的支出，还会给我搬家的协助。条件很好。
格兰：我想他不会高兴你要搬去别的城市。

罗杰跟格兰聊到工作道德
罗杰：好了，我已将范围缩小到三家公司。薪水跟福利都差不多，可是我得决定哪一家对于我的本领及能力比较有挑战性。
格兰：你要找ㄧ个工作比较累的工作?
罗杰：认真工作和学习可以增进我的专业!一分耕耘，一分收获!
格兰：我宁愿无所事事、轻轻松松，然后钱就自然落入口袋! 
今日EZ单字   

1)relocatie (v.) 迁徙到别处 relocation (n.)迁徙
2)manage (v.) 管理
3)expenses 费用
4)assistance (n.)帮助
5)ethics (n.) 道德
6)narrowed (v.) 缩小
7)challenge (v.) 挑战
8)No pain, no gain! 一分耕耘，一分收获
9)sitting back 休息，舒舒服服什么都没做 每日 EZ Word   
conscience (n.) 良心，是非之心

con完全＋sci知道＋ence状态→内心完全知道是非→良知 

Losing her friend music CD bothered her conscience. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Time for a Change-3

Roger and Valerie are taking over lunch.
Valerie：So, why do you suddenly want to change jobs? Is your company that bad?
Roger：No, but they don`t 1)appreciate my hard work. It`s also a little boring doing the same thing for so long.
Valerie：They haven`t given you a 2)raise in a while either. You never have money to spend on me.
Roger：I am 3)treating you a nice lunch now.
Valerie：Honey, I want a nice lunch in Paris.

Roger and Valerie are still taking 
Valerie：Are there any other things that you are considering in your job search?
Roger：Hmm...the company I 4)interviewed with today offered 5)maternity and family 6)leave.
Valerie：Are you planning on having a baby? I didn`t know that was 7)physically possible!
Roger：That`s silly! I would use it for the death of family members, or when you have a baby, I can take time off to be with you!
Valerie：Me! Have a baby? 8)In your dreams!

罗杰跟维拉蕊在午餐时讨论
维拉蕊：你怎么突然想要换工作?你的公司有这么糟吗?
罗杰：没有，不过她们不感激我的努力工作。而且同样的工作做这么久也有点无聊。
维拉蕊：他们有一阵子没有给你加薪了。你从来没有钱可以花在我身上。
罗杰：我现在就在请你吃一顿丰盛的午餐啊!
维拉蕊：亲爱的，我是想要在巴黎吃丰盛的午餐!

罗杰跟维拉蕊还在说话
维拉蕊：你找工作还有考虑其它因素吗?
罗杰：嗯......我今天面试的公司有提供产假跟家庭事假。
维拉蕊：你现在想要生小孩?我不知道男人也可以生小孩!
罗杰：别傻了!家里有人过世时我就用得到，或是当你生小孩时，我可以休假陪你!
维拉蕊：我?!生小孩?你想得美! 
今日EZ单字   

1)appreciate (v.)了解并欣赏，感激
2)raise (n.)感激
3)treate (V.) 请客
4)interviewed (v.)面谈，面试
5)maternity (a.) 产妇的，怀孕的
6)leave (n.) 休假
7)physically (adv.) 根据自然法则地，身体上地。Valerie顺着Roger 的话开了个玩笑，因为男生生理上不可能怀孕生小孩，所以说这是不可能的。
8)In your dreams! 想得美！ 每日 EZ Word   
innovate (v.) 革新，发明

in加强＋nov新＋ate使成为→使变新→使产生新事物 

The recent fuel pump valve discovery totally innovated the car engine industry. 
今日会话 EZ Talk   
Time for a Change-2

Roger is looking at different job offers.

Grant：So have you decided what job to take yet?
Roger：I am trying to 1)negotiate benefits and 2)salary with a couple of companies now.
Grant：You mean benefits like vacation time?
Roger：Some companies also offer 3)singing bonuses and 4)profit-sharing. I also want to know what kind of 5)retirement plan they have.
Grant：I didn`t know you were thinking of 6)retiring already....
Roger：Ha ha! 7)Very funny!

Roger is taking to his girlfriend Valerie

Roger：Most of the jobs I have been offered have 8)decent 9)dental and health plans, and a few even include eye 10)insurance.
Valerie：11)That`s good to know. Dental and eye care here in the US are expensive.
Roger：I also want a company that will give me a decent amount of paid personal and sick days.
Valerie：You can also ask if 12)unused days can be used for the next year.

罗杰正在考虑不同的工作机会

格兰：所以你决定要接受哪个工作了没?
罗杰：我现在还在跟几家公司磋商福利跟薪水。
格兰：你是说像是休假时间的福利?
罗杰：有的公司还提供签约金和利润分享。我还想知道他们是哪种退休制度。
格兰：我不知道你已经在考虑退休的事了....
罗杰：哈哈!真冷!

罗杰正在跟他女朋友维拉蕊说话

罗杰：大部分的工作都有提供不错的牙齿和健康保险。甚至有些还包括眼睛保险。
维拉蕊：那真好，牙齿跟眼睛保健在美国这里非常贵。
罗杰：我还希望有公司会提供我有给薪的事假跟病假。
维拉蕊：你还可以问没休的天数可否在明年使用。 
今日EZ单字   

1)negotiate (V.)磋商，交涉
2)salary (n.) 薪水
3)singing bonuses (n.) 签约金
4)profit-sharing 分享利润，分红
5)retirement (n.) 退休
6)retire (v.) 退休
7)Very funny 不好笑
8)decent (a.) 还不错的
9)dental (a.) 牙齿的
10)insurance (n.)保险
11)That`s good to know 真高兴知道
12)unused (a.)未使用的 
